Congent Vision & Mission Workshop 
Wed, Aug 28, 2024

0:01 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so let me share my screen so that when someone is watching this, they understand what I'm talking about. All right.

0:23 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so let's start from the top. So this is the division mission workshop for content.

0:33 - Jorge Lewis Let's make sure we're on the same page. So today we're just going to align on those two things. Here's a quick example of what the vision and mission are. The mission is explaining why are we trying to build this? What problem is it solving? And then what is the solution? So building an online platform to solve this problem. So yeah, so let's get into the mission. So with a mission, what we'll do first is have me say off the top of my head, the problem we're trying to solve.

1:06 - Jorge Lewis So, PO, project owner, will explain how the idea behind the project was conceived, what problem arised that gave him the idea of IntelliO.

1:20 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so the project was conceived because the past two weeks or three weeks I have spent a lot of effort and time into writing, trying to write content, but haven't gotten anywhere.

1:38 - Jorge Lewis Number one, I like writing, I like that aspect, but it just takes too much time to write things on paper or on Notion or whatever, to put things down.

1:51 - Jorge Lewis It takes a lot of mental effort and time to get those onto paper and then into a script or whatever.

1:59 - Jorge Lewis So like I've tried writing content and just hasn't worked out I have time for it, but I just I'm I guess I'm It's too much effort I guess you could say I have better things to do than writing content

2:11 - Biwas bhandari or at least yeah But if content yeah sometimes you feel like, okay, I want to write about this, but you cannot start writing in the copy about all the scripts.

2:26 - Jorge Lewis It's a form of writer's block, but also, yeah. Kind of procrastination, but it's like I have better things to do. I'm not I'm gonna save this for later. So procrastination Okay, so with that said let's take just two minutes to notes our interpretation of what I just said and then What the mission is I think you've already done it, but if you want to try again Yeah, I think my one links with your Alright, I've got mine.

3:23 - Biwas bhandari Okay, yeah. I finished mine too.

3:26 - Jorge Lewis Alright, so Marina, why is yours the same color?

3:30 - Biwas bhandari Let me change it.

3:34 - Biwas bhandari Okay, thanks.

3:35 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so let's read yours. So the project owner will usually read his out first, I believe. Reduce time and efforts required to write content. So that's what I put. And for yours, the mission of the product is to help make content and brainstorm about it. The problem is, is it takes a lot of time to brainstorm about the content I'm making and the current AI tools congeneration is not it. Okay, that's perfect. Your one's great.

4:03 - Biwas bhandari No, yours one is like my summarized form.

4:07 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so one thing we noticed in the last one when we did this with Jonas was his was too many things. So...

4:27 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so we'll take your one. Let me copy it. And then what we do is we bring it here, and we get a new note, and we put the mission.

4:41 - Jorge Lewis And under, the mission. Okay, so we can shorten here. So the mission of the product is to help make content um creation and ideation so ideation is the brainstorm part um faster and or is to make it easier so faster and less mental effort okay because that's that's the problem okay So this part's a good point. The current AI tools for content generation is not good, but I don't think it doesn't belong in the mission. So I'll just bring that over and paste it somewhere here.

5:40 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so the mission of the product is, so we don't have to say this, so help. So, or not help, just make content creation, content creation and ideation, Why is it saying ideation is not a word? I think it is. Yeah, it is. It's the formation of ideas or concepts, but all right then, buddy. Make content creation and ideation easier, faster by requiring... Okay, just by making it faster and require less mental effort. Okay, cool.

6:23 - Jorge Lewis Now on to the vision. So P.O.

6:36 - Jorge Lewis Afterwards, P.O. And then P.O.

6:43 - Jorge Lewis So P.O. Will give a high level explanation of his idea and vision of the project. Afterwards, I'll invite everyone to write down their motivation behind working on the project.

6:56 - Biwas bhandari Can I invite everyone? What do you mean?

7:04 - Jorge Lewis I'm just going to tell everyone. All right, everyone, let's do this now.

7:08 - Jorge Lewis After everyone is done, we'll collaborate, collaboratively compare all the ideas. Yeah. Okay. So. The vision, so this is really, this is great when you have a lot of like more than a few people. When it's two people, it's, it's very fast and there's only two things. So it's not too much to worry about, which is why I asked Jonas if he could join, because he could give more input. So.

7:33 - Jorge Lewis Okay. So the idea, so what I imagine this is, and the vision is kind of the end goal of this entire project. It's not a It can be like the very end goal. So for example, for, for adapt, it could be the vision is a chatbot can help coach the user to build habits.

8:04 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

8:06 - Jorge Lewis To build good habits. I think that's it. That's the vision. A chatbot building good habits for users.

8:13 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. How we do that, there's a lot of different ways, but that's the end goal. The chapel will help users build habits. So for this one, what I think, what I like this project to become, well, is I can sit, so I'm going to kind of just draw a story. So I want to wake up, have my coffee. And this is when I usually like to write or do my creative things. Cause I'm just, I've got my coffee. It's morning. I want to be in the chair and just.

8:41 - Jorge Lewis like have content there that I just refine. So content is generated and I can refine it. And that content is something I agree with. It's in the style that I like, It doesn't sound like AI at all. And to convert it into an actual post or script, it's not a lot of work. Meaning I only have to change some small things. It doesn't have to be perfect, of course. Well, I mean, of course Google is perfect. I ask it to make something about a topic and it'll tell me, it'll run me through a process to create the content. For example, I want to make a video about the best way to build a SaaS as a non-technical person.

9:33 - Jorge Lewis I want it to know what my opinions are on that whole topic. And if it doesn't, I want it to ask me, okay, what do you think about this? What about this? What about this? To build a knowledge base around this whole topic so that it can understand how I would write this. Because a lot of content is so opinion-based. Building fact-based content is very easy. You can research things and find facts.

9:59 - Jorge Lewis What people are after for content is experienced people that have done it before that can use their experience to provide advice. And I would say I have some experience that I want to be sharing. Instead of just kind of regurgitating everything like, oh, you should raise funding and then you should do this. Like kind of the very basic things. I don't want it to be that. I don't want this project to be a regurgitation of a Google search. I don't want it to kind of search Google and then print whatever it finds.

10:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

10:37 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

10:38 - Biwas bhandari I can keep going, but there's, um, But that can be done in normal AI chatbots like chatGPT. You can just ask, okay, I want to do this and it will reply instantly. So what's the selling point of this product?

11:00 - Biwas bhandari Um, it's like, it's like, why would I come to these, uh, the content app instead of going to chatGPT?

11:09 - Jorge Lewis So, so this, this right.

11:14 - Jorge Lewis I want this project to write your content, not chat, UBT's content or not the internet's content. I want it to be based off of the, the, the user. So the project's going to need to know a lot about the user, whether it can ask questions or it can take some input, wink, wink transcript. Yeah.

11:38 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so I have a lot of ideas and like features, ways we can do this, but I think the vision aspect of this is supposed to be very high level. So I think hopefully I've done an okay job at keeping it high level. Let's go into our corners and rights.

11:57 - Biwas bhandari So the vision?

11:58 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, the vision.

11:59 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

12:10 - Biwas bhandari vision PR plus PC don't understand All right, I'm done. I want to understand and create, okay. All right.

13:24 - Jorge Lewis All right, so I'll go ahead and read mine first. A platform that writes content as if it were me, not only the style but also the opinions and experiences, leading to no necessary modifications post-generation.

13:41 - Jorge Lewis To understand and create content through a user's perspective and generate content based on his or her vision.

13:49 - Biwas bhandari And both of the lines are same. Mine was. After that end, it's the same. I just realized it. Oh yeah.

14:03 - Jorge Lewis User's perspective and vision.

14:07 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

14:09 - Jorge Lewis So this part we've got aligned. We want it to be based on the user's perspective and vision.

14:15 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

14:17 - Jorge Lewis And I phrase that as style, opinions, and experiences.

14:29 - Biwas bhandari So let's say instead of, uh, instead of, uh, instead of no necessary modifications, I think some, we need to modify it to some content.

14:40 - Jorge Lewis But at the end, the vision of this is that I can just ask it to make something regarding a topic and it can go ahead and make something.

14:49 - Unidentified Speaker Oh.

14:52 - Jorge Lewis or even not even I don't want to like the vision isn't I want to ask it to make content about something I wanted to just make content like on like as if it were me like completely autonomous okay yeah so maybe I can I can so a platform that writes content so we're leaving out to the part where Because the vision shouldn't be the implementation of, oh, I ask it for content and then it makes content. It's just, this is what it, I want it to write content and then we can figure out the rest.

15:27 - Biwas bhandari It's like instead of hiring a content writer, you come to our platform and tell us about your perspective and what content you want to make.

15:38 - Jorge Lewis And that's the hard part, getting your, the user's perspective to this chatbot, like very well, like done.

15:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

15:51 - Jorge Lewis Okay.

15:56 - Jorge Lewis Okay. Wait, there's also, so a platform that writes content as if it were me, not only the styles style, but also the opinions and experiences leading to Okay. How do you think that is that good? Or what do you think?

16:18 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, it's good. No. But we need to be able to tell it to modify it later. For example, like we if we if you are a content, if you are a content writer, you will say, Okay, I don't like this part, please modify it or something.

16:37 - Jorge Lewis So the end goal is I can just, it just posts content, it writes and posts content for me, I guess, is the end goal, the vision. So a platform that writes or...

16:52 - Jorge Lewis That I'm going to say creates content and creates what can mean what writes publish and all of the above. The creates.

17:03 - Biwas bhandari Yeah. Does it align with the mission in the mission? We says make content creation and ideas and fast. Oh yeah. There's creation to creation.

17:16 - Jorge Lewis So creation, I guess, is both writing the content.

17:21 - Jorge Lewis and everything between publishing it. And we're using the word content here, but we know that since we've kind of already briefed ourselves on what this is, at first it'll start with just text content since it's easiest. And that's where we get into it in the roadmap afterwards. So let's just stay on track. So it writes the content as if it were me without necessary modifications, without, okay. And these things will change, by the way, over time, if I'm not mistaken. Like as we go, we can read this every week and say, oh, we've actually changed the mission, I think. Like, I'm just guessing. It usually stays the same, but I think the vision might change here and there. It changes more often, but they both change. So now we get into, let's delete this, this, and then copy this. That's the vision. And here's the mission.

18:17 - Jorge Lewis So the product vision board is, okay. So what is, so this is, we can both just fill in at the same time. This is kind of like a group task where we can just each take a part.

18:28 - Biwas bhandari Okay.

18:29 - Jorge Lewis Let me check. So what is, okay, so let's just vision. What is your purpose in creating the product?

18:38 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

18:47 - Biwas bhandari Targeted group, it's...

19:01 - Biwas bhandari Can I fill all the tabs? The targeted groups and all that?

19:06 - Jorge Lewis Sorry?

19:07 - Biwas bhandari Can I fill the other empty tabs?

19:09 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, yeah, yeah, go ahead, go ahead. At the end we can just refute to make sure we're all aligned.

19:14 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

19:15 - Biwas bhandari Targeted groups.

19:48 - Biwas bhandari Now what problem does the paradox solve?

20:49 - Biwas bhandari I mean, are content writers expensive to hire or something?

20:56 - Biwas bhandari Depends.

21:00 - Biwas bhandari It depends, I think.

21:02 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. Well, they're more expensive than this, so.

21:08 - Biwas bhandari Oh, yeah.

21:13 - Biwas bhandari I think that will go into the business school or something like that.

21:24 - Biwas bhandari Not so much.

21:33 - Biwas bhandari Content creation is time consuming.

21:54 - Biwas bhandari Hey, darling.

22:07 - Biwas bhandari What?

22:17 - Biwas bhandari Okay.

22:20 - Biwas bhandari Okay. I think this is it. Do you need to go to business schools?

22:27 - Jorge Lewis Um, yeah, once I, for the target group, one idea I have is that since, so in general with SAS and I hope whoever's watching this doesn't get bored by this, but, um, SAS there's two aspects of, of SAS. That's really hard making it and making a good product and then selling it. Selling it requires distribution, which is probably the hardest part, getting it to people that need it. For us, our means of distribution for this would be Okay, so the reason why we're advantaged at making a good product on that side is because this is going to serve me. I know I'm the customer of this, so I'll understand my own problems. And then to distribute it, I'll be able to use my network of people that are also, like one example is I could use my network for people that are also trying to start content writing for whatever they're doing. Because I know quite a lot of people instead of people, a lot of entrepreneurs and business owners that are getting into content writing, but they're struggling with kind of doing it and their own business. But because everyone right now understands the value of content writing and how important it is to build the brand and all that.

23:45 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

23:47 - Jorge Lewis Um, and then, yeah, for this also to help the selling part is since I understand the problems, I can present this better to potential users since I, I can use my own pains.

23:58 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

24:02 - Jorge Lewis So maybe, I think I can rephrase it to business or entrepreneurs, I think, because that's the term they use on all their social media and stuff. So entrepreneurs trying to, or that do content creation.

24:26 - Jorge Lewis They either do it or they're trying to, no, because if they, One thing to think about is if we, well, I was going to write entrepreneurs that are trying to get into content creation, but that's not really a market because those people that have it, that are trying to get into it, I don't think they're going to understand the value this brings. Like, I don't know if that's, maybe, maybe I'm wrong, but I think starting with people that are already making content and saying, Hey, we can save you this many hours is a much better sell than, Hey, we could save you this many hours instead of we will save you if you buy this.

25:01 - Biwas bhandari Yes, someone who is getting into the content creation will come back later after he knows that, oh, it's so much of hassle to brainstorm about it.

25:11 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. So, and then, okay, who are the target customers and users? Business owners with no prior knowledge in content creation, but wants to write content for his or her business. That's interesting, yeah?

25:25 - Biwas bhandari So, yeah.

25:27 - Jorge Lewis That's very interesting because... There's so many people that this could target. It's a matter of picking. The reason I'm picking entrepreneurs is because it's my network. But my network also includes my dad. And he has a lot of friends that are also running a business.

25:47 - Jorge Lewis They could have a lot of improvements if they start content creation. If we're targeting businesses that don't do content creation already, we have two jobs. We have to convince them to start, um, to convince them to buy our, our, to use our software. So I think starting with people that are already doing it as an easier sell, what do you think?

26:10 - Biwas bhandari I mean, we can tell, uh, so the business owners, the benefits of content creation and all that, and they can just come to our platform to create content maybe.

26:23 - Jorge Lewis That's how we would sell them on it.

26:28 - Jorge Lewis For example, if I sold this software to me, I'm already making videos and I'm already doing it. If you tell me, hey, you probably spend 30 hours a week writing content, why not just have conversations with your friends? And use that to create content, save 30 hours and just have normal conversations instead. And I'll be like, damn, that's actually, yeah, okay. Instead, if I sell it to Jonas, where Jonas wants to start a content creation, wants to start writing content, for him, when I come to him, I'm saying, hey, when you start your business, You can, um, or you should start your content creation now because it's so important. I had to convince him of that. Why do I have to convince, why should I convince him when I'm already doing it? Like, I don't want to convince him to start and also buy this instead. I could just, they can already start by themselves and just buy it. So I would, I think I would be a better target customer than Jonas because I've already started. Yeah.

27:28 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

27:29 - Jorge Lewis But later, like this, this has a lot of potential to target like business owners as well. Like we could have a whole sales process of also including that aspect of convincing them to start content creation saying, Hey, content creation has never been easier with this. You should start content creation with our software. That could be a later, that could be our offer later, but right now I think it's better. Make your content creation easier with this.

27:54 - Biwas bhandari Yeah. Yeah.

27:57 - Jorge Lewis Um, Okay, so we're the target customers and users. I'm going to just keep that as one question.

28:11 - Jorge Lewis This thing is going to change so much that it's mostly important so that everyone's always aligned through conversation, I think, rather than having it on paper.

28:22 - Jorge Lewis Businesses use business plans. We, specifically at Startino, use a lean business plan.

28:30 - Jorge Lewis The problem, what you're supposed to do is not use that as a, like that's not supposed to point you to success. That's supposed to point you to the next chapter. The next chapter is determined by whenever things change, like all the time they'll change. You have to update your business plan accordingly or your business model. Um, Because in the same way with this, it has to be updated constantly. But it's just a hassle. I haven't gone into that Google document and updated our business model. But we understand, Jonas and I, the same vision, because we always talk about it. So I think that's more important than actually a document that says it.

29:08 - Jorge Lewis Having it on a document is very important when you're trying to share it with other people, though.

29:16 - Jorge Lewis It's also useful for distilling whatever information you have into very concise forms.

29:46 - Jorge Lewis What benefit does it provide? What benefit does this product provide? Bro, it's the same... Bro, it's... I'm not gonna... The problem is this. Of course, it's solving the problem. What do you mean... I don't know. Yeah, I'm just lazy. It's only me and you making this and at some point, this is all gonna change, so... How is the product going to benefit the company? What are the business goals? Okay.

30:15 - Jorge Lewis Business goal is make money, bro. Quote my Brazilian friends. I think the first goal is to, the business goal is to allow me, allow Jorge to produce content.

30:37 - Biwas bhandari It will be launched as a SaaS and also it will help you yourself write content and all that.

30:45 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. So first it needs to allow me to write content. Like, cause if I can't use this, why would I, I can't sell it, you know? So that's the goal, the first goal. Um, and at some point it's going to be launched as a SaaS.

31:00 - Jorge Lewis as a market leader in content, AI content creation software industry.

31:16 - Jorge Lewis So, we need some, I'd like some fixed, some smart goals. So, something measurable.

31:23 - Jorge Lewis So, to allow Jorge to produce content, You know what's interesting? It's, I don't think it's so weird because my problem with me is not that it's, so the problem is that I'm not writing content because I'm procrastinating. It's not that it's taking me too long. It's that I'm procrastinating it.

31:54 - Jorge Lewis So. Maybe this should be making it enjoyable enough or making it frictionless to a point where it's easy enough for me to make content. I don't know. Do you get where I'm going? Because I don't write the Startino content right now. And this won't be making it This won't be making that faster because how do you make something faster that you don't do? So I think this is going instead of what this, what benefit does this provide is it. Convinces me to write content that content is that writing the content is worth it because the effort to make it as less.

32:35 - Biwas bhandari So, yeah, I think instead of saying make, uh, to help content creation easier and faster should be content creation, uh, enjoyable, maybe.

32:47 - Jorge Lewis Content creation what?

32:49 - Biwas bhandari Enjoyable, more enjoyable.

32:53 - Jorge Lewis I think that can be the angle because, okay, this is a perfect example. Right now, the call you and I are in, I can upload this transcript to this software and I can say, make a post about the vision and mission statement. And highlight the key points that we mentioned in this. And you can highlight things like, oh, not spending too much time on specific things or whatever. And that'll make content writing more enjoyable for me because I can, instead of writing content, do things like this, where it's just I'm having a conversation with you and it's more enjoyable. So maybe the goal could be to make it more enjoyable, maybe. I don't know.

33:44 - Biwas bhandari Because I've tried I tried writing blocks one two times in the blog post and medium I think I've written one two and I've slipped it but if if that would be more enjoyable like playing games and all that but

33:59 - Jorge Lewis That will be what if effective maybe yeah, yeah Yeah, that's interesting maybe Yeah, because like, imagine this, imagine instead of writing a script, what you do to make the content is you have a conversation about whatever that topic is with the friend. You tell the friend, Hey, can we have a conversation? I want to record it. I'm going to use it to make a script later. How does that sound? And they're like, cool.

34:32 - Biwas bhandari Why not?

34:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

34:39 - Jorge Lewis It's interesting. So, um, in, in, um, Give me one second, I'm gonna find a...

34:51 - Jorge Lewis A message I sent. Here. Wait.

34:57 - Jorge Lewis So, I don't know where... Actually, it's probably on the Obsidian. Let me find it.

35:29 - Jorge Lewis Don't worry, I didn't hear anything.

35:48 - Jorge Lewis Okay, I found it.

35:52 - Jorge Lewis So, I'm just going to post it as a note here. So, I think a great method to give these videos both as high quality and validated as possible is to have a recording group session.

36:13 - Jorge Lewis The recording should include face cams and screen cams. We'll pretend it's both a live podcast and research session. Merging the two into one in order to save time. The first half can be more of research than discussion, and the second half we can discuss about putting things on paper. So the goal of that is at the end, this makes the production of work, of creating the script, gathering footage, and researching, validating opinions, a lot more fun, and more importantly, faster. We take the recordings of the participants and use it to structure and create the actual video. Probably won't use any of the footage in the final video, but we definitely could. So, this text, by the way, was in my plan for how to do the Startino videos. When I first conceived of, okay, we should probably be doing content. So, I think we're coming back to full circle where this is a big point where it should be fun.

37:05 - Jorge Lewis And I think that's the issue because content writing is boring.

37:10 - Biwas bhandari Like I don't want to write like it's even, even if you know, yeah, it's important for me to write content.

37:18 - Jorge Lewis And also, yeah, it's so, okay. So maybe we can read. If we look at the mission again.

37:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

37:38 - Jorge Lewis So the problem isn't actually that it takes too much time. I think it's that it's not enjoyable enough.

37:46 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

37:49 - Jorge Lewis It's a little bit of both because I wonder if I would eventually, if I would, okay, an okay example is, okay, no, no, no. So what I've been with Jonas, whenever we, We have amazing conversations. Earlier we were just discussing about SvelteKit and when we should be using form actions versus API routes and et cetera. It was a good technical conversation. If we could just take that conversation and convert it into some form of content, whether it's a snippet of that video and we can publish that or it writes a script for us or a post, anything like that would be great. So, maybe the mission isn't that it takes too much time to write content. I think it's... Can you see where I'm going with this? It's more of trying to use what I already have, which is conversations with my team, which is conversations I already have.

39:06 - Biwas bhandari Trying to summarize it and write a blog or content, something like that.

39:15 - Jorge Lewis But what's the problem then? The problem is there's no way to repurpose our conversations, I guess. I don't know.

39:25 - Jorge Lewis So you see, this is where these workshops are very helpful because you, you're really trying to understand what you're trying to do here.

39:31 - Biwas bhandari I think it's not the, uh, what's the problem, but what we are trying to improve maybe because right now we are having a good conversation and that's good. But, uh, what, you know, what, what could make it more effective is if you just summarize it and make a blog post so everybody can read and all that. Maybe so.

39:58 - Jorge Lewis Okay, so the problem is that when people have conversations, that knowledge and that there's value in that conversation that gets lost as soon as that, that only gets shared to those two people after that conversation finishes. But instead we want to extract as much value as possible by recording it and then converting it into something, into content. Whether you publish it to the public or just your team.

40:33 - Jorge Lewis So the problem is that we don't extract enough values from conversations.

40:40 - Jorge Lewis But when I'm thinking, it doesn't sound very like, okay, the mission, instead of saying the problem, the mission is to make my conversations more valuable by being able to write content from them.

40:58 - Jorge Lewis That's the mission because that's pretty realistic. The only other time is that it's like maybe sometimes it's not my conversations, it's maybe a voice message I recorded on myself. Like I'm on a walk and I just want to discuss the topic and convert it into content afterwards.

41:39 - Biwas bhandari So, I think that one is different than what we were talking before.

41:57 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, just before we were talking about that, okay, I want to write a content, but I need to instead of spending my time on company, I'm spending time on brainstorming the brainstorming for the content. It takes too long time for that. And so in order to make it easier, I just need a tool that will help me. I'm thinking of making content on SAS, for example. And based on that, our product will generate a content or something like that, maybe.

42:36 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, I can see. Yeah.

42:43 - Jorge Lewis I want to take you through a story of how I can imagine using this. So I have, I've recorded about a hundred read AI meetings between my team and clients and other people I've met within my network. So what I can imagine myself doing is uploading those transcripts or videos or whatever format to this software. And then I say, Hey, Can you write, can you help me write something about SAS on, on how to build a SAS as a non-technical founder. It'll go through all those, try to pull as much as it can from it.

43:22 - Biwas bhandari Oh yeah. So instead of pulling it from the internet and creating separate content, it will take all the transcripts you provided. And based on that, it will create a whole new content. Yeah.

43:34 - Jorge Lewis But there's also another aspect of this project of this, of what I want is like, I want, um, okay, okay, I'm getting, so, okay, okay, let me, I'm gonna go on top of the mission, the blue card, so, why is that so small? So, writing, or, having conversations is more fun than writing.

44:05 - Unidentified Speaker Dumb? Yeah.

44:15 - Jorge Lewis Using other's posts as inspiration is easier than thinking from scratch.

44:42 - Jorge Lewis using voice using unstructured voice notes is more fun to make than writing scripts I'm gonna say more enjoyable but then also um Using all my previous conversations and data is more efficient to produce new content than restate what I've already discussed.

45:33 - Jorge Lewis So I've got these two sides of every point. So that first one is more efficient. This one's more enjoyable. This one's ease is easier. And this last one is more enjoyable.

45:56 - Jorge Lewis So those are kind of the use cases I can imagine. This top one is the most business oriented where, or is the most indirect. I'm not thinking about making content when I have conversations. It's just, I'm already having conversations. Let's reuse that into, so extracting more value from conversations. That are already being done so this one's extracting more value from the conversations that are already being done make using unstructured voice notes is more enjoyable this one so what do you mean by unstructured voice notes so for example like What I want to do is open my phone and start a voice note and say, hey, I'm just going to ramble on about my opinions, my experience relating to SaaS and something. So for example, the three biggest mistakes I've seen in my past is that you non-technical founders will have a big vision, but then not be able to isolate one feature. Another one might be they're not niched enough. Etc. And I just rent on for a bit without having to worry about the structure of it being very organized.

47:28 - Biwas bhandari I can see this second point is more, I mean, like a practical, for example, in the midnight, I will be having so much ideas in my mind that I can just babble about it on the voice.

47:43 - Jorge Lewis It's easier to extract. To put down on paper ideas and thoughts.

47:53 - Jorge Lewis So this, so in the end, all of these are going to be content.

48:01 - Jorge Lewis So at the end, when you, your notes and ideas are, I mean, they're very nice to have, of course, but the end goal in this case is for content. So like, and then using others posts as inspiration is, What is that doing? That's kind of...

48:24 - Biwas bhandari I think we don't need that thought point. Using all those posts as interest. Um, no, no, no.

48:30 - Jorge Lewis So what I actually like about this one, so I think it was in, it was in the other. Oh, what did I click?

48:38 - Jorge Lewis Um, it was in the other fake jam. If you check out my screen share on the Google meet or if you just, um, So okay, other contents in the same niche. So what I mean by this is, if we were to take a look at an example of an implementation, I thought of, so I have a, you know, Tinder.

49:05 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

49:06 - Jorge Lewis So what I want.

49:10 - Jorge Lewis What I want to be able to do is it gives me content that from the internet and it says, Hey, it gives me the content and I can say, I like this. I don't like this. Or to give it to give more context, I can say, I agree with this part, but I don't agree with this part. So it's still me. I'm adding my opinion to it, but it's giving, it's giving me a foundation, something to go off of Like I can just build on top of that because if I agree with it, then there's no reason to create it from scratch. And I feel like if you do this a thousand times, that's one way you can capture your opinion on things in a very efficient manner.

49:51 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, I got that.

49:54 - Jorge Lewis So maybe...

50:01 - Jorge Lewis So using others' posts is...

50:06 - Jorge Lewis So what I just described is not, is, is a great way to is, I guess it's easier than thinking from scratch or yeah. Cause content itself is, is so it should be unique to you, but if people share opinions, it's not like we're copying someone's post. It's like, all we're doing is going to copy two sentences from his whole post and copy another two sentences from another post. Not because we're just trying to copy it, but because we actually agree with it.

50:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

50:39 - Jorge Lewis It's like, um, it's like we're using GitHub code. You might reuse someone's little micro, like someone's project. That's a tiny part of your whole content because you like it and you think it's a good, a good package or something. You could have made your own unique one, but why not? Why just use that one?

51:01 - Biwas bhandari For example, if I'm making content on programming, I can see others first, take inspiration, and based on that, I can write my own.

51:11 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. And the important part is that you're actually not being a, you're not, what's the word when you're...

51:28 - Jorge Lewis There's a word for being too agreeable and programmers are often...

51:38 - Biwas bhandari I can't find it.

51:42 - Jorge Lewis So oftentimes when, for example, the primogen, you know the primogen?

51:49 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

51:51 - Jorge Lewis So he says a lot of things on his stuff, on his podcast. He reviews a lot of articles, by the way, which is like, if I watch that article, if I was a content writer, I could write a new article watching that for the Prime Agent, for example. So maybe this app, what it does is it facilitates, it records your screen And those reviews of articles and you just review it like that. Maybe that's how it gathers. I don't know. Or we can do the Tinder style where you're like, uh, yes, which part, uh, this part, I don't know.

52:28 - Biwas bhandari Or we can just paste the link of the article and say, okay, this is the article and here are my opinions and you can send it via voice input.

52:39 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, like there's a lot of UXs, user experience ways to do this that would make it more accessible. But the main idea is to use that as a foundation to create or to articulate your own opinions. To give you like a... It's easier to say what I believe when someone says their opinion on it. Like you can say you believe in... Are you... Okay, that was a bad example.

53:12 - Jorge Lewis If I hear you say that using types is better than not using types, it's a lot easier to respond to that than just thinking, okay, what's an idea? Oh, types. Yeah. Right. I think we got the point. So using other people's posts is easier to gather our own opinion.

53:40 - Jorge Lewis And then what else? Having conversations are more enjoyable. I will have more conversations.

54:02 - Jorge Lewis Writing content, i.e.

54:11 - Jorge Lewis Having a conversation is more fun, so I will write more content.

54:24 - Jorge Lewis All right, cool. Anyways, there's not much, um, there's no format to this. Like all of these are pretty random, like what's on the left and right side, but I think it's more important to just kind of get those thoughts on paper first. And then we can use that to write something more well formatted afterwards. Okay. This misalignment is bothering me. Why is that?

54:46 - Jorge Lewis There we go.

54:48 - Biwas bhandari Okay, cool.

54:51 - Jorge Lewis And then, this Google Meet was supposed to be just a vision and workshop mission. A vision and mission workshop, but we ended up just going through a rabbit hole of what this project actually is. Which is the entire point of this workshop, so I guess it illustrates that. Maybe Jonas is free now at this point. Okay, so using all that.

55:18 - Biwas bhandari So what's the mission now?

55:21 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, what is the new mission?

55:26 - Jorge Lewis Let's take some time and go and go iterate. So let's, I'm going to go into my own corner and just think about it for a second and write it down.

55:44 - Biwas bhandari Hmm.

56:33 - Jorge Lewis All right, I got something out, I think. I'll be in the restroom real quick.

57:21 - Jorge Lewis Oops.

57:35 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

58:52 - Jorge Lewis Have you finished your thing?

58:53 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, I finished mine.

59:09 - Jorge Lewis Changing your thoughts, conversations into experiences, into content by extracting relevant into them.

59:36 - Jorge Lewis Ah.

59:41 - Biwas bhandari But if we look at mine, the target audience will not only be content creators and entrepreneurs, but everybody, because everybody had thoughts and experiences which they want to share to others.

1:00:12 - Biwas bhandari It is the friction involved in content creation by making it more human.

1:00:33 - Biwas bhandari Mine one is more misaligned with the original.

1:00:40 - Jorge Lewis It's more what? More misaligned with the from the original mission so make content creation out of ideation faster and require less mental effort technically what we've described does that that's the But I think we can narrow it down more precisely into what we're doing. All of these above that we list is experiences. I think we can group them into just the term experiences.

1:01:30 - Jorge Lewis To allow experiences to be used for content writing.

1:01:38 - Jorge Lewis To allow experiences to be used for content writing.

1:01:46 - Jorge Lewis To create content. Allow previous experiences to be used. So our mission is to allow previous experiences to be used to create content.

1:02:24 - Jorge Lewis So we went from making the content creation easier to enjoyable and it's Allowing previous experiences to be used to make content is making it faster and require less mental effort. It's like, I don't know, it's the same. I think we can just keep these both. We'll have all of this here. We don't have to come to a conclusion right now. I think we're pretty aligned on kind of the direction, but the line that we go in, it can be defined later, maybe with Jonas' help.

1:03:05 - Biwas bhandari Yeah. Content can be made not only through previous experiences to only maybe we can create content about anything, not only previous experiences.

1:03:21 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. Like also like if we use, Hmm, I think, I think the mission, I think this mission makes sense, but I think what we change is the vision. Maybe.

1:03:30 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:03:32 - Jorge Lewis Let's, um, Let me see. This is accurate. This is what the platform should be doing. It should create content if it were me. Not only the style, this is the vision, the means, how we get there. These are what I want to do to get there. I want to use conversations. I want to use my unstructured voice notes. I want to use other people's posts as inspirations. I want to use my, yeah.

1:04:02 - Biwas bhandari But initially we can, uh, make the app that can just, uh, create a content based on your, um, the one that was initially, uh, what do you call it? Proposed or something like that.

1:04:22 - Biwas bhandari So you want to write a content, but you are just, uh, and you have the idea too, but you are just not able to start writing it in a copy and all that. So for that, uh, our AI chat bot can help you. Uh, visualize, uh, not visualize. How do you call it? Give a certain context or ideas or just write the content.

1:04:54 - Jorge Lewis I think so for me, at least I don't think the ideas are too hard right now. Ideas become hard or no, no, no. In every, so in every day, every day I have a lot of conversations and I'm quite sure that I don't need to create new ideas to write about. I can use those conversations to make ideas. Like I say, Hey, are there any types of like, are there any cool posts I can make from today's news?

1:05:23 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:05:24 - Biwas bhandari Yeah. That can be great.

1:05:30 - Jorge Lewis So that instead of when you're writing a voice memo, instead of thinking, oh, this is going to be making a video. You're just talking like in general, like you can go from talking about the problems SAS founders make to, um, to ugly code. And then you can go to architectural problems. And in the end, it won't matter because all you're going to do is insert this into, um, the AI chatbot and he'll use it when relevant. So like, um, so. Yeah, okay, cool. We can touch on this. Hopefully Jonas can watch all this and see us going in circles and maybe help us figure out where we want to go. Because usually how this works is there's one facilitator, the project owner, and then the stakeholders, so like, and the developers, I guess. So it'd be helpful if, because I'm also, I'm facilitating, developing, and the owner. So I don't know if that's helpful or not. I don't think that's helpful.

1:06:30 - Jorge Lewis And Jonas has watched quite a lot of, he's educated quite a lot on this. I've just done this workshop once with Jonas and here I am trying to do one. All right. Well, I guess let's just leave it at there. We can go into the road. I don't know. Let's go into the roadmap maybe.

1:07:05 - Jorge Lewis Let me, uh oh. Are we in the wrong file again?

1:07:13 - Jorge Lewis Not the right one. Let me rename it. I think I'm just gonna copy all of this and paste it into the other file and just use a different page because going through, going between different files is really inefficient.

1:07:32 - Biwas bhandari Okay. All right.

1:07:40 - Jorge Lewis So I pasted it there.

1:07:41 - Biwas bhandari Word bet.

1:08:11 - Jorge Lewis So we have the conception, and then the vision and mission, and then the planning.

1:08:18 - Jorge Lewis So the planning will define the backlog pretty much, the features we're going to build.

1:08:31 - Jorge Lewis And which features we want to build first, and when, and all that. So, very tiring, huh?

1:08:47 - Jorge Lewis So, let's see. Also, wait.

1:08:55 - Jorge Lewis Will requested access to something.

1:09:28 - Jorge Lewis So we want to get into the roadmap and kind of the features. So I'm going to borrow this from here. And if you go to the planning page, are you following along, by the way?

1:09:37 - Biwas bhandari I'm just watching it in this screen.

1:09:49 - Jorge Lewis I think the only feature we're building is the chatbot.

1:10:09 - Jorge Lewis On the front end, we just need a chatbot. And that chatbot's going to need to have all the capabilities.

1:10:19 - Jorge Lewis I'm just kind of going off of nothing here. So we have the chatbot.

1:10:27 - Jorge Lewis And this guy needs...

1:10:39 - Jorge Lewis Let's start with just trick like or actually just two And then Needs a good strategy to write good content So the strategy to write good content is gonna be the hardest part because hmm And it's going to require a lot of figuring out the best way to make.

1:11:14 - Jorge Lewis Because I think the hard part about this. Yeah. I mean, the only the the unique value proposition of this is that we can convert anything into content.

1:11:26 - Jorge Lewis Like any text in any conversation or transcript or meeting, anything like that, we can convert into content.

1:11:34 - Biwas bhandari Mm hmm.

1:11:35 - Jorge Lewis And to do that, we need a system that's really good at that. And how can we tell this bot to make good content if we don't know how to make good content ourselves? So we have a lot of homework to do, and we have to figure out how to make good content.

1:11:53 - Jorge Lewis There's actually one guy I know. Oh, this is pretty funny. What's his name?

1:12:01 - Jorge Lewis Yes, luckily me. This guy.

1:12:05 - Biwas bhandari No.

1:12:07 - Jorge Lewis I think he does, um, like he teaches people how to do content creation. Okay.

1:12:15 - Jorge Lewis It doesn't seem like it.

1:12:23 - Jorge Lewis I don't know, but what we have to do is a lot of research and figuring out how to make, we need to figure out the graph we want to use, the structure, the cognitive architecture we want to use, and then That's one thing that's for the technical implementation and then also how to make good content. So how can we teach this chatbot to make good content?

1:12:52 - Biwas bhandari So one part is we need to, okay, we ourselves need to know how to make a good content at first, or we need to just research a bit on that. And for the technical part of the chatbot.

1:13:09 - Jorge Lewis So the chatbot has access to the files, but it's not using the files. It's using a knowledge, like I think the knowledge graph is the way to go for this.

1:13:31 - Jorge Lewis You know knowledge graphs, right?

1:13:32 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

1:13:34 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

1:13:37 - Jorge Lewis So just figuring out how do we make this chatbot do this well. And we can plan this all we want. The best way to go about it is probably to make an MVP in like three hours and see how how like a just normal chatbot tries to make content from a transcript. So I think the first step, like for me, my intuition just tells me, okay, let's create a knowledge graph from a bunch of transcripts. So I'm going to take all my, and I want to use existing data so that it just saves time. So I'm going to take all these reports, print out the transcripts, upload it to Superbit, or no, that's already over-complicating it. Just use those text files locally. Yeah.

1:14:27 - Biwas bhandari And then we can just pass it. These are the con. Yeah. Pass it as a input instead of saving it in.

1:14:37 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. Take out, um, check out graph reg. This start the, this is what we'll be using to, to make this happen. At first it uses, um, it uses an LLM to make a graph, a graph like this. Then these are the steps of indexing it. And then at the end, it queries it using an LLM as well. So for vector databases, we have a model that creates the vector database. It decides, it knows what words are to place where in the vector space. For this one, it knows where to place things relative to other things. That's all these steps. So what we can do is play around and this is why I'm doing it in Python for one one reason is because Everything is in Python like this is in Python. So, okay One warning one warning for you specifically. Yeah is Warning graph reg indexing can be expensive. I looking into this and implementing it. So my intuition is just telling me, okay, I'm gonna start, I'm gonna make a knowledge graph from all the transcripts I have, and then I'm going to just try from there to just out of the box, see if the knowledge graph can make some content, like anything. If it does an okay job of that, I'll be like, okay, this is easier than I thought. If it doesn't, that's what I'm expecting, then I'll have to look at things like, a flow of, okay, first we're going to gather all the topics in the idea of this, all the pieces of content, or we'll create a topic and then sub topics and then everything like that. And then we gather content from there. So like, just figure out the flow.

1:16:28 - Biwas bhandari Yeah. For me personally, I don't know what values to content provide. So I need to look on that too.

1:16:35 - Jorge Lewis What values?

1:16:36 - Biwas bhandari What are the benefits of content writing?

1:16:40 - Jorge Lewis What do you mean benefits?

1:16:42 - Biwas bhandari I mean, uh, what good kind of content, um, I mean, I don't know. Okay. I mean, I don't know what good values to content writing provides personally.

1:16:55 - Jorge Lewis Oh, you mean like you don't know what good content is, you mean, or no, no, no.

1:17:01 - Biwas bhandari What, what is the benefit of writing content?

1:17:06 - Jorge Lewis Oh, I mean the benefit. How is that important?

1:17:14 - Biwas bhandari I personally need to know, I think maybe in order to create this app, I need to do some research on content writing and all that, since I personally have no knowledge on all these things.

1:17:26 - Jorge Lewis But you want to write, you write blog articles, right? You like that?

1:17:31 - Biwas bhandari No.

1:17:36 - Biwas bhandari I've written one too. But I've heard every developer saying every developer should write articles and blogs.

1:17:44 - Jorge Lewis But do you enjoy it?

1:17:46 - Unidentified Speaker No.

1:17:50 - Biwas bhandari I like making videos instead of writing blogs.

1:17:54 - Jorge Lewis Okay, that's already the reason, because you enjoy it. For most content, it depends what you're doing it for. For Startino, there's a couple reasons. First one is because it can attract clients. It shows our expertise. It shows we have an online presence and we're real people. Another reason is because I would enjoy I know the team would enjoy making those videos, like a competition of our team making the best chess or something. I would enjoy making that and I know other team members would enjoy it.

1:18:26 - Jorge Lewis It also might be a way to recruit talent. The reasons I think are kind of, they depend on you.

1:18:36 - Jorge Lewis Like, why would you write content? I don't know. It really depends on you. For me, for my personal channel, for example, I like doing that because I get to reflect on what I respect, reflect on my life. I've learned, but also because I can help other people that are in similar situations. And also because I know in the longterm, having a personal brand is very powerful.

1:19:00 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

1:19:10 - Jorge Lewis Alright, Quen's asking me to call, but I need to go use the restroom and I gotta go to Jiu-Jitsu.

1:19:22 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, I think we can end this session for today. Yeah, so...

1:19:29 - Jorge Lewis Are you hopping on tonight?

1:19:33 - Biwas bhandari Yeah, I'll hop on.

1:19:34 - Jorge Lewis All right, um, I'll I'll try to hop on since I'm excited. I might have the motivation But yeah, I'm excited about this Hopefully, it's not too hard but like for me I'm gonna be really annoyed because it's not gonna be perfect because yeah, he sucks at making content I hate reading chativity content every time I'm on LinkedIn. I read chativity content.

1:19:59 - Biwas bhandari I'm just So annoying Yeah, if I go faster than you, I'll do some research on this topic.

1:20:11 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. If, if you want, you can merge your research with trying to use graph rag.

1:20:16 - Biwas bhandari Yeah.

1:20:17 - Jorge Lewis Um, you just, it's the installation is really simple. There's a lot of tutorials online as well that I found quite useful. I haven't used them yet, but they were very simple.

1:20:25 - Biwas bhandari Okay.

1:20:26 - Jorge Lewis All right, bro. Um, yeah, thanks for your time. Thanks for the brainstorming. And, um, I'll maybe see you later tonight, if not tomorrow.

1:20:33 - Biwas bhandari yeah okay thank you for the great session yeah thank you bye bye yeah