Jared Catching up 
Wed, Aug 28, 2024

0:30 - Jared Cairns Hello, there's a boy dude, can you hear me? Yeah back in back in Hong Kong I can see Yeah, I've been here a month world tour is over No, it's just good.

0:44 - Jorge Lewis It just got started. That was a little preseason.

0:47 - Jared Cairns Let's go home then. Where's next?

0:52 - Jorge Lewis Next, probably China for a little bit. I want to practice my Chinese.

0:56 - Jared Cairns Nice.

0:57 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. What about you? Where's next for you?

1:01 - Jared Cairns I'll probably be, most of my team is in New Zealand right now, but it sounds like they want us to all go to Taiwan next month. Yeah, and then I'll be in Kenya in November. And then I don't know after that, yeah.

1:19 - Jorge Lewis What are you doing in Kenya?

1:21 - Jared Cairns We're doing a safari type thing.

1:23 - Jorge Lewis Oh, with your girlfriend?

1:25 - Jared Cairns Yeah, my girlfriend and I are going, and then a bunch of like a group that she's gone on a bunch of these with. I've never done it, so it'll be new for me.

1:35 - Unidentified Speaker Nice, have fun.

1:36 - Jorge Lewis My parents would probably recommend Tanzania. They went there for their anniversary. It was great, they said.

1:42 - Jared Cairns I'm sure we'll be crossing over into there. Yeah, it's kind of on the border, I think.

1:46 - Jorge Lewis Actually, we did a website for a safari company, actually.

1:51 - Jared Cairns Oh, really? What was their name?

1:53 - Jorge Lewis Papta Safaris.

1:54 - Jared Cairns Oh, crap. It would have been funny if it was that one. That's cool, though.

2:00 - Jorge Lewis I'll just send you a link here.

2:04 - Jorge Lewis We made that website, we made our business as we made that website. Pretty fun.

2:12 - Jared Cairns No shit, oh that's cool. Oh the website looks good.

2:20 - Jorge Lewis If you're near Southeast Asia, like in New Zealand or in Taiwan, probably pretty easy to stop by.

2:28 - Jared Cairns Yeah, if they send me to Taiwan, I'm going to probably try to make it to Hong Kong anyways. I'll just be over there, probably take a couple extra days. Either go there or go to a different country maybe.

2:37 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

2:37 - Jared Cairns So I'll keep you in the loop. Yeah, cool.

2:41 - Jorge Lewis So how's it been with the, so it's an acquisition or?

2:45 - Jared Cairns Well, I can't say too much, but there's a couple of different directions it can go, basically. Okay.

2:52 - Jorge Lewis And the company you work at is a startup?

2:56 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I mean, biotech's weird because you can have a company that's 10 people, and you can go from being worth like $50 million to $500 million with one data report. It's just kind of insane how it works out. But it's technically a startup. It's like 20 people. But most people are not in San Diego.

3:20 - Jorge Lewis How's that with time zones? What's that? How's that with the time zones? How is it for work?

3:26 - Jared Cairns Oh, it's not bad. It is funny, though, because I mean, just lately, there's been so much traveling, almost all the board is in basically every board member lives in China. Most of the management team is either Chinese, we have one person who's Vietnamese, and then like, they've been traveling. So like, just to kind of do the rounds, all the VCs and everybody they're talking to, like our CMO, who's medical doctor, He was in North Carolina, East Coast United States, went to Singapore, Taiwan, now he's in New Zealand, and then he's coming back to North Carolina, so their travel schedules are just ridiculous, but they pretty much make it work.

4:07 - Jorge Lewis Is the production done in China?

4:10 - Jared Cairns So right now, there's no production. Early stage biotech is weird. Well, I should say there's some production of the drug, but it's not for revenue. It's basically just you know, 50-pound batches for clinical trials. So there's some production in China, yeah.

4:27 - Jorge Lewis I'm hoping to look into the China markets, because what we do in China is pretty... I don't know, I feel like it's... I have a unique...

4:36 - Jorge Lewis I'm lucky. I can speak some Chinese, so I feel like I'd be able to connect the East to the West, hopefully.

4:40 - Jared Cairns Yeah. In Hong Kong, Is it mostly Chinese, but people speak English too?

4:47 - Jorge Lewis It's honestly mostly English. All the business is mostly English. The Cantonese, there's Cantonese, which some people, like I say, in the big enterprises, probably within teams they speak Cantonese. But at a company level, it's probably English.

5:05 - Unidentified Speaker Okay, gotcha.

5:07 - Jared Cairns And Cantonese is way different from Mandarin, like there's not really a lot of crossover.

5:11 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. The characters are the same, but the pronunciation of it are... Some words sound the same, but some are completely different. Oh, okay.

5:22 - Jared Cairns Yeah, it's pretty annoying. Were you taught it in school growing up there? Like, after you transferred, or did you just pick it up?

5:29 - Jorge Lewis So, I grew up here from when I was 12, and... 12. No, sorry, 6. When I was between 6 12, we learned Mandarin in Cantonese. Mandarin and Cantonese, okay.

5:43 - Jared Cairns And all my friends were Cantonese, so I was like- You're like six, I'm just trying to figure this shit out.

5:47 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so, but what ended up happening was I learned, well, I actually learned both, but I learned Cantonese dominantly in that time.

5:56 - Jorge Lewis And then in secondary, unfortunately, I didn't really learn anything new because I went to a local primary school and then an international secondary school, so the Chinese was like, dad, mom, one, two, three, four, five. Oh, gotcha, yeah. Unfortunate, but- Yeah.

6:14 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I think, I mean, that alone is a big leg up. That's cool, though. I mean, there's just there's so much market opportunity in China.

6:20 - Jorge Lewis I mean, that's what I'm thinking. A lot of growing superpower.

6:23 - Jared Cairns Plus, they have like 4x the people that the U.S. Has. A lot of Western countries, they have like 10x the population.

6:31 - Jorge Lewis Although, I think they have deflation right now there.

6:35 - Jared Cairns Well, they're going through a major recession, basically, due to like, well, they're going to, I think that the CCP is going to end up propping up that residential real estate company, but they're kind of in a crisis. I mean, they have a lot of, the government holds onto a lot of local debt. It's kind of a mess. Like there's a lot of different shit going on there.

6:53 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. Interesting stuff.

6:56 - Jared Cairns Oh, well, what's, I mean, there's opportunity. That's what I'd say. There's always opportunity.

7:03 - Jorge Lewis Cool. Um, yeah, so oak, oak, um, how's, there's been a lot of iteration going back and forth the past couple of weeks.

7:18 - Jared Cairns Yeah. A lot of, I mean, a lot of this stuff you guys have fixed and it's working perfectly. I mean, this is really like the last couple of items now, um, related to, So I sent, I just sent it up or a response basically about, so I gave myself that role as admin to be the reviewer of the contract and try to send feedback in, like update the dates or whatever. And I don't know if it's just a browser issue, but I basically turned the review mode on. I went to send that review to myself and it didn't, it doesn't activate the button or maybe it is and there's no animation, but I'm not getting the email either.

7:54 - Jorge Lewis Is, is the button like, does it look clickable?

7:57 - Jared Cairns It looks clickable, yeah. Here, I can show you real quick too. Let me see, make sure I'm doing that.

8:06 - Jared Cairns Okay. Can you see this now? It's loading. Yeah.

8:14 - Unidentified Speaker Okay, yeah.

8:15 - Jared Cairns So like if I am in here as myself, so I set up a new contract just to name myself the owner so this email would go to me. So Basically, this is the newest one, this contract 37. If I go into contract review mode, and then I were to say, OK, I want to send 37 get an update from this, from myself, and I go to click this, nothing happens, which wouldn't be that weird. But I was expecting something in here.

8:43 - Jared Cairns And this one, I know the other ones are working, because I got this one when it was signed. Yeah, can I see the screen again? Oh, sorry, this one, yeah.

8:59 - Jared Cairns But adding myself an admin was really easy, so that works well. But I'm wondering if it doesn't like it. If maybe this is a feature issue, or because I have multiple roles, it doesn't like it.

9:11 - Jorge Lewis What's that? Try selecting multiple contracts.

9:14 - Jared Cairns Yeah, let's try that.

9:18 - Jared Cairns Let me refresh and just try it.

9:20 - Jorge Lewis Maybe it might be something wrong with our email server, but very unlikely.

9:27 - Jared Cairns I don't think so, because This one just sent to me. Yeah, I just approved this one today.

9:38 - Jared Cairns It might just be like on click or whatever this thing not triggering because I think the emails work.

9:49 - Jorge Lewis If you could open the inspect mode, like if you right click and then anywhere, just right click.

9:58 - Jorge Lewis Oh, it's down here.

10:00 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

10:02 - Jorge Lewis And then console on the top, the top bar over there.

10:08 - Jorge Lewis Nah. Oh wait. Click request reviews again.

10:13 - Jorge Lewis Ah, okay. Let me screenshot that one sec.

10:23 - Unidentified Speaker Interesting.

10:28 - Jorge Lewis Oh, So it was working like an hour ago, right?

10:33 - Jared Cairns So this was the process to actually get the contract signed. So it goes into this report. This is like taking the approved contracts and sending them back out for review. So this one I hadn't tested before. Um, so I didn't, I didn't think that I could add my, the, like, I didn't think to add myself with admin to my own role.

10:50 - Jorge Lewis So I did that, that worked.

10:52 - Jared Cairns Um, but this part I think is where it just doesn't.

10:55 - Jorge Lewis Could you try refreshing the page and then doing it?

10:57 - Jared Cairns Yeah, let me try again.

11:03 - Jared Cairns This mode, and also let's just say two.

11:06 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

11:17 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, no clue. I'll have, I'll- No worries.

11:24 - Jared Cairns No worries there.

11:25 - Jorge Lewis And then- Echo's up.

11:27 - Jared Cairns Let'S see where this is at too. So if we go right here. So this one's 8-1. That looks right. So I think he just updated this. I haven't looked at it yet, but this does look like it's correct now. Yeah, this looks like it's working now.

11:47 - Jared Cairns 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, Times OK, yeah, I think this is working now. In terms of Kagan, it's accrual bound, so that's right.

12:03 - Jared Cairns And then let's see what his last notes were.

12:09 - Jared Cairns All right, yeah, I just need to check that out of the bill number two. Let me check this. This should just allow me to add a bill, and there should be.

12:31 - Jared Cairns This looks like this works too. Let me try to submit it.

12:42 - Jared Cairns Okay, looks like that's good now. Yeah. So I think we're getting, we're getting really close.

13:08 - Jared Cairns Cause I do think the more I've been thinking about it, the more I'm, I'm like, I think these are, I think you could literally as like the company that I'm working for now has been like desperate to have a system sort of like this. I feel like even if you just, if you took all this away and you literally just had this to organize stuff, you could still sell it to somebody. It's kind of the, the, the vibe that I'm getting. Cause like this, I think we'll take. This is, this is good, but it'll take so long to get like really perfect and really reliable. Um, just for every weird edge use case that comes up, same with this, like to make every person happy about how these calculate and dealing with mid months and doing all this other shit, just this alone, just, just having a system that has approvals, contracts. Repository searchable bar right here where you can say what's on my contracts for this person What are all my contracts for you know, let's see 75,000 Active whatever so I'm thinking that'll be the angle first because this is good But I just think it's gonna take time to get people to buy in because it's such a high risk area But I think it's it's sellable just with this right here Okay.

14:36 - Jorge Lewis And what do you, so you think we, we kind of hide that feature until we can develop it further or.

14:43 - Jared Cairns I'm wondering if we do it.

14:47 - Jared Cairns It annoys me cause it's so, it works in like, it works in 80, 90% of cases every single time. But the thing people are gonna complain about are the five or 10% times it doesn't work because they have some weird unique contract that.

15:01 - Jorge Lewis So, so in, in, We technically built a product. Usually MVPs are very barebone. The principle is that we build something, we call it on our side, for the code side, we call it working crap. Code that doesn't show up. And the idea is that we kind of want to get complaints and problems because it shows that whatever, everything else is working to their satisfaction, but we have points for improvement. Points for improvement means that we can improve already.

15:33 - Jared Cairns That's smart.

15:34 - Jorge Lewis And they're already paying us money, so we know they're going to continue paying money. If we add this new feature, they might even pay more money. If not, we can guarantee that they'll still be paying us money. And it's also important to stay focused on who you're trying to target. So I think your problem is mostly on, so for example, you sell this to one company, this company for 90% of their use cases, it'll work, but 10% of the time it won't, right?

15:59 - Jared Cairns Yeah, and I would say like the thing that like this contracts part this 100% of time it works. It's perfect. It's exactly what they need. If they wanted to say I want not only this feature. So like the original problem I'm trying to solve was have a CLM that's affordable that that's achieved. They can they can hold all your contracts that's achieved. They can also simplify this reporting for these external contracts, get the feedback from people, track it all in one place, make it auditable, do your basically adjustments for you. That's most of the way there. Those are so important. They get audited by these hundreds of thousands of dollar firms that people can't rely on it. I don't know if to get that to 100% reliability is such an uplift. I don't even know if it's worth it. You know what I mean? That could be a more long term goal.

16:52 - Jorge Lewis There's also one thing that I think we could have done better when doing this project, which is focusing on one thing first, shipping that, and then building anything out. Initially, we did decide to just do the contracts first, but I think we ended up kind of, okay, the bills are very useful, so we'll put them in. But I think what we should have done is just say, okay, the contracts is the selling point of this.

17:15 - Jared Cairns I think you're right.

17:16 - Jorge Lewis People will buy it if it's just the contracts. Maybe more will buy if there's bills as well.

17:20 - Jared Cairns I think you're, I think you're right. I think like, yeah, if we were to do this again, just make like the best version of a contract workflow software. That's so easy and so simple. Although I really don't think this is that far off, to be honest. Like I think this is extremely usable. It's easy to understand. It's easy. Like it's easy to flow through and say, this is the contract I want to look at. And then you get a description right here. You can look at this at the bottom. Um, So I don't think it's, I just don't think it's that far off. But yeah, I think like that, that's the next step. So I've been reaching out, although my people have been fucking me over, but I, I'm going to reach out and just start getting, well, let me ask you this. Is there like any, there wouldn't be any issue with giving other users, other people, the logins to go in and just say like, run through this, test it out as if you were using it. Um, submit a contract, just tell me what you like, tell me what you don't like, If I were to give them the logins we have, or should we have new ones?

18:22 - Jorge Lewis We can make new ones. We can make new ones.

18:25 - Jared Cairns Or they could probably just sign up, right? Actually, now that I think about it, that could be an interest. We could just have them sign up.

18:30 - Jorge Lewis The only thing is they'd have to make some dummy data themselves, which might be a little bit annoying.

18:35 - Jared Cairns So because when they log in, it's just going to be completely blank. They can't log into this share. Oh, because they're a new email, not in this group, right? Yeah. Not in this organization. Oh wait, we could add them to- Can I add them in here? I can add them, right?

18:48 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, I think so. Oh yeah.

18:51 - Jared Cairns It's so funny, I'm just like, duh, we like talked about specific with this. And I'm like trying to do the hard way. I guess, because how would I do it?

19:06 - Jared Cairns Users, and then it's usually there'd be like an add.

19:09 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

19:14 - Jorge Lewis Are you?

19:15 - Jared Cairns That's a good idea. Maybe I'll do that. I'll just send Pete, cause then it'll be easy. I'll just say, check your inbox, look in here, submit something. Tell me what you liked and what you don't like,

19:22 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, but where's the add button?

19:26 - Jared Cairns I just gave myself admin. So let me log out and maybe that's what it is. Let me try.

19:39 - Jared Cairns Let me make sure that I'm still, Oh, finance employees. Sorry. Sorry.

19:47 - Jorge Lewis Also, what I recommend is using looms and doing live demos as well. Because you have this and it's working, there might be some touch-ups that you need to do, but they don't need to know that there's still touch-ups needed to do. You can say, hey, I've got this product ready, do you mind if I demo it to you? You demo it to them live.

20:09 - Jared Cairns Yeah, we're really close to that. The stuff I'm doing right now is just to be nitpicky because I've been on these 15 demos at least and they're the questions that I would ask or poke and prod at.

20:20 - Jorge Lewis It's going to be so easy for you to sell or at least a lot easier because you know the exact problems you're solving. For example, for us, and just for our sales that we're doing, for people like you, entrepreneurs, or people that wanna build their own SaaS product, it's hard for me to understand exactly the phrases you guys use for your problems and stuff like that without asking you guys. But for you, you're the customer that you're targeting, so when you're the customer, it's just super easy. It makes everything else just fall into place.

20:52 - Jared Cairns Yeah, okay, so I didn't know, I didn't think about that. I'll do that next, and then, Yeah, I do think that might be the That might be the play honestly start with just this and say this is these features maybe How many people like right now if you had to

21:11 - Jorge Lewis email people to demo how many people would that be? I Could probably I feel like I could confidently get 25 people okay, so maybe a strat is make a like a a second loom of just saying, Hey, I've got this app. Um, here's like a quick outline of it. You go through the features saying, here's the contracts where you can do the very basic, like you just described the very basic things. And then you say, you know, reach out if you want to look at a live demo and that way, because if you send an email, I don't know if it'll get enough of their attention. Oh, another CLM, you know, maybe.

21:48 - Jared Cairns Oh yeah, definitely. I mean, I would probably personally talk to all these people or send them a text as well. Um, but yeah, definitely.

21:57 - Jared Cairns I feel like that'll be next for the iterations of this, but I do think nice thing is you basically have global search. You have links that you can click through. You have the descriptions in here that are editable. You have a workflow that works. You have PDFs. I think the one thing, and you probably already told me about this. Did we ever look at, um, and I know I said it was a nice to have the e-sign capability. Is that something that is, Like, is there like a DocuSign plugin or something? And I know I told you, don't worry about that. But did you look at what the uplift would be at getting something like that on board? I think we did. De-signature for Chrome. I wonder if.

22:55 - Jorge Lewis So one question I have for you is, what does DocuSign do exactly? Because for me, an e-signature, all it is is putting ink on the paper. And then the thing that's legally binding is things like email, when you email those.

23:10 - Jared Cairns Yeah, lots of emails can be legally, but really any kind of confirmatory agreement to consideration is legally binding. But DocuSign, really, I'm just using this like a shorthand for eSignature. DocuSign is just the most common one in the US. There's probably a different one in Hong Kong or whatever. But in reality, they're just creating a file. You're giving you a nice UI to actually sign it. It's making sure you don't miss any place to sign by marking all the areas you need to sign in a contract. And then when it's done, it's basically sending you a record of which server it bounced off of, what time, I don't know, global coordinates or something. Um, and then just keeping that record that you signed at this time.

23:57 - Jared Cairns But I'm wondering if there's a plugin we could use. I mean, this isn't that big of a deal. I mean, a lot of systems don't have the sign.

24:06 - Jorge Lewis I don't know if it's exactly a plugin, but they do have an API, which makes like it usually pretty easy.

24:13 - Jared Cairns Um, yeah, that's not, it's so, Doing a DocuSign is what we call it here. It's so ubiquitous and easy that it's not a big deal.

24:26 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, it's an easy add on top. The signing part is the easy part, but there's a lot of things that DocuSign does that make it great. Things like authentication. I don't know how that would work on that.

24:40 - Jared Cairns Yeah, and if it wasn't included in here at all, and you just had to get a signed contract outside the system, and that's your attachment when you put it in here, I don't think that would be the end of the world either. I think the one thing, would it be easy on a finalized, and maybe you can do this already. Would it be easy on a finalized contract? I'm just thinking out loud. Like let's say I submit this contract, it goes through the approvals and it's signed, final approved. But the actual signature, so it's approved to spend, but the actual signature comes in later. Later.

25:16 - Jorge Lewis Hmm.

25:17 - Jared Cairns Could I attach that? I just want, like, could I just attach another document onto a proof record? Is that something that it wouldn't like it?

25:26 - Jorge Lewis Well, I mean, we could make it work, like, technical, but legally, I don't think you can do that, right? Like, I think actually, that's just another.

25:34 - Jared Cairns I mean, it's just another. I mean, legally would be really the legal. What's in here, like there would be nothing legally binding, really, what would be legal would be outside the system. This is more for your own tracking.

25:46 - Jorge Lewis Oh, yeah. Okay.

25:47 - Jared Cairns Um, this is just to say, like, dropping it in the folder after. Yeah.

25:53 - Jorge Lewis So wait, the signature and the kind of approved are technically one in the same.

25:57 - Jared Cairns Because, yeah. So what I'm what I'm getting at is some companies before they send it out for signature, would want to say, has everybody approved this before we send it out to sign? Has everybody looked at this, which this system would be kind of their replacement for like sending emails and doing a lot of manual shit. So go like approval, approval, approval. It's confirmed. Send it out to sign. I agree with that. But at that point, we have a locked record. And then we have after the fact comes a signed contract. And then you'd basically be tracking them in two different places again. But if we could take the signed contract and just attach it to the record after it's approved, then you would get around the issue because you would just still have the record in here with the signed contract you export later.

26:45 - Jorge Lewis Does that make sense? Yeah, Jonas is bothering me in our virtual office. Yeah, so if we could just add it on, attach the sign one afterwards.

26:57 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I'm wondering if you just have, if there's just another button that's like, you just add a new attachment afterwards on the record. And it's like, you can do it at any time. Because that's really not that big of a deal. You could just have like attachment one attachment.

27:14 - Jorge Lewis So the signing isn't actually... I could replace that with like a... I can just attach an image on top of the contract, right? Technically.

27:27 - Jorge Lewis Is the purpose to look at the contract and see like the PDF contract and see, oh, this was approved?

27:33 - Jared Cairns When somebody's looking in here, you're saying?

27:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

27:37 - Jared Cairns Yeah. So I mean, the ideal, ideal, perfect scenario is You submit a contract that you're happy with and you want to get it approved. You submit it through the system. And then at the final step, what we're right now calling the signer step, that's actually when the e-signature takes place. But like we were saying, that might be difficult to implement. The API might be difficult. So if we exclude that, we just have literally a contract and we're saying, do you approve this yes or no? And they approve it, but there's no signature on it.

28:09 - Jared Cairns There's a million ways to get a contract signed electronically that are free, easy, fast, not a big deal.

28:18 - Jared Cairns But we'd want a way to track that in here. I think it's more than just adding that PDF of a signature on top. But I guess I'd have to see exactly what qualifies. I think, like you said, The signature is really more of an artifact. Really what matters is like all this electronic documentation of when this process was completed. Yeah. But I think like the signature, you're not going to get around people wanting to see a signed contract form on it. Yeah. Now I don't think, um, and at DTX we had this, basically you just append a new page to the end that has the signature block, but it doesn't, affect the original PDF. Like it doesn't change it. You know what I mean? It basically is like, when you sign it, it's just adding a page on the end, which is, I mean, we ran with it and it was fine. We got acquired. So I don't think that's any issue.

29:14 - Jared Cairns Like I said, we had this exact, literally this exact issue at DTX with a system that costs $40,000 a year. Like they didn't have an e-signature to start. Yeah, it's crazy.

29:28 - Jorge Lewis Um, we can also just, we can, we can look into it and then just give you a little quote for that specific feature.

29:36 - Jared Cairns Yeah. And I know, I know you guys, I know I told you guys not to worry about it and I still don't think it's that big of a deal, but now that we're this close and I can see everything working, I'm wondering if it's just something that's not a big deal to implement or if it's something that takes a little work and not a lot of work, if it might as well just add it on just to avoid that roadblock with people.

29:55 - Jorge Lewis The amount of work is kind of, it should be ignoring the fact that you should be moving forward in trying to get people to test this out anyway. The best case scenario is we can develop that, you get users to sign up on the day that we ship this, the new DigiSigning. But it's still a good case, I would say, if you get users to sign up without it. Worst case is we build this and then you don't get users to sign up.

30:22 - Jared Cairns Yeah. Okay.

30:26 - Jared Cairns But yeah, I think like I can show at least one process end to end that works and I can show two that are pretty useful and good. And the thing is, there's multiple layers. Like the first layer that we're looking at that 100% works is a system all by itself. Like there's companies that would pay for this. The additional layers are like big, big value adds that it just takes a lot of optimization to get them 100% right.

30:51 - Jorge Lewis I think that I still think it's one of these systems is that it's kind of annoying. It's like with 99% of it done, it's still not valuable.

31:02 - Jared Cairns You need it to be that a hundred percent, which is really annoying because nobody wants to hear like, except it works, except this, or you have to watch out for this.

31:10 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, exactly.

31:11 - Jared Cairns Nice thing is the contracts one slam dunk, like it works. The approvals work, the PDFs work, the tracking works, the numbering works, the auditability works, vendor updating works. So I think that in that sense, we're in a good place. Nice.

31:32 - Jorge Lewis I have a question. So regarding your goals with this, so we're charging 500 a month, right? Per org?

31:43 - Jared Cairns Yes. Okay.

31:44 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

31:48 - Jorge Lewis What's your goal for this? Like monthly recurring revenue that you can see in the long term?

31:53 - Jared Cairns I mean, my first goal will be 500. But after that, I mean, I don't know, like, I've seen this be a consistent thorn in the side of every, especially life science company I've worked for. I mean, I would like to conservatively say Well, I'll say this like CLM is like a $3 billion a year industry in the US. It's a lot. There's a good amount of money in it. But it's a it's pretty simple, right? Like it's there's not rocket science sending contracts through getting them signed and storing them in an easy to search manner. So I think if you carve out a little piece of that, especially targeting a niche first, I would probably quit doing accounting completely and do this full time if it got to like monthly recurring revenue. So that'd be 20 companies on board. But who knows how long that would take? Yeah. You know what I mean? I think that this, the nice thing about this is it's just something that's scalable. Every company needs, you can't get away from it. There's government. Bodies that force you to do it. There's if you every biotech company wants to get acquired, and this is the first thing they ask for is a list of your contracts.

33:06 - Jared Cairns So I just think there's a lot of reasons for people to look for a low cost solution. And then the other the other thing you hear, which I'm also on the other side of is like, all the people that start these companies in life science space, that all they want to do is R&D, which makes sense, like they don't want to spend money on bullshit. Accounting or like legal fees, like it's the bane of their existence. So something that stays like $500 a month is so palatable and so easy to swallow. It's like nothing.

33:34 - Jorge Lewis And you can have all your, it's like, I told you literally other CLM systems.

33:40 - Jared Cairns I just got two demos in my inbox today. They're 40, one's 45 and one is 40 year.

33:48 - Jared Cairns And I mean, there's one called the Gatekeeper CLM. If you have time, you should Google it. But they literally do not do much more than what this system does. I mean, maybe you could charge $10,000, $20,000, whatever a year for shit like this.

34:05 - Jorge Lewis And I think at some point, we'd be able to increase a little bit.

34:12 - Jared Cairns Yeah. And I wouldn't mind increasing, especially as features add on, like if we could get this stuff working, I don't see how you wouldn't increase the price, but I mean, the ideal scenario would be for me is, I mean, the ideal scenario outside of this, just being a company that supports itself is like, okay, you have QuickBooks, which is three or four or 500 bucks a month to do your books. You have this to do all your CLM. To maintain all your contracts and you have your R&D software, but also by the time you're getting to a company at this stage, they also need finance accounting help like that would be the secondary revenue stream is somebody like me could come in and help set up their processes and and catch revenue off that as well as part of my job and then kind of the last piece being like I kind of managing as a PM on a monthly basis because, can you still see my screen? Okay. Nobody wants to do this bullshit every month for sure. This is a huge pain in the ass managing all this stuff. But if you do a bunch of them, it's much easier. Like if you do, if you can focus on it and do it to scale, it's a lot easier. So I can see, The software being the first piece, we get these pieces working really confidently, we could charge more. And then also a service piece where you're actually doing the work of these companies also. That would be the secondary piece where you're like, not only do I do the software, I'll give you the calculations, I'll give you feedback, I'll give you a nice PowerPoint presentation or whatever, I'll enter your bills for you. And it would be like, I don't know, I could see a situation where that's different tiers and packages of doing it.

35:56 - Jared Cairns I really do think like, for one, it truly is obscene to charge the amount some of these softwares charge. I can't wrap my head around why they cost so much. I mean, there's a lot of development that goes into it, but I see the functionality is just not that good. And I feel like what they're doing is going way too crazy and trying to make up for all that later. You know what I mean?

36:22 - Jared Cairns I feel like they're trying to justify $40,000 year for an approval software when it just doesn't, because they spent $5 million developing something that doesn't work rather than like trying to build something valuable and giving somebody a price that they just can't say no to.

36:43 - Jared Cairns But we'll see. I don't know. I've never done this shit before. So hopefully we can get one customer. But the nice thing is like, I feel like I'm in a good place where I understand the issue. I know a good amount of people in the industry and it's not going to hurt my feelings to take feedback that's negative and then just keep iterating and making it better.

37:01 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

37:03 - Jorge Lewis Um, yeah, that, that feeling when you get that first customer is going to be great. You're going to be like 500 bucks is nothing, but it's going to feel like, like your yearly salary somehow.

37:15 - Jared Cairns Seriously. I mean, I feel like it's a lot of money. You know what I mean? Like for something like, that I mean, I say I created, but really, you guys have done all the work. I'm just giving you some feedback. But really, like it does make you I mean, really to be corny, like it does make you feel good to be like, you know, stop getting gouged by these other companies. Like there's a lot of companies out there that could create good medicine that otherwise like are getting just dominated by these insane administrative costs for software. Like I literally do believe like, there's a lot of innovation to be had if you could cut down a lot of that overhead costs into something that just works. And then, I mean, the third, and actually this just happened to a company in San Diego for a company that has the same type of software, but they just manage clinical trials with drug testing. But they basically created a new industry standard kind of like they basically got with the audit firms who audit all these companies. And of course, you have to get audited. You have to audit four times a year. If you go public, you have to go through a really laborious audit. And then it's every 90 days. There's systems testing. There's all these regulations you have to apply by.

38:32 - Jared Cairns But they basically became the new industry standard. They got endorsed by the audit firm. So now everybody's flowing to them. And it basically becomes regulatory capture. Now, you've basically gotten a quasi-government entity to endorse you. And at that point, nobody's going to say no, because they don't want to have a compliance issue. So I feel like there's a lot of angles to go that's down the road. But just starting out, I just feel like there's a lot of upside.

38:59 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, there is for sure.

39:06 - Jorge Lewis One thing I want to touch on is just how we're going to move forward with how we want to iterate and things like that. Because for us, it does take quite a bit of time working on these iterations. These ones that we're working on now, we're including them in the original code just because they're part of what the original project is supposed to be.

39:27 - Jorge Lewis But the future ones, so before we discussed a retainer where we give you these a retainer where we give you certain hours that we can work on refinements and things like that, right? I mean, we can discuss that later down the road when we have a better idea of kind of what you think the demand will be. Because there'll probably be a phase where you're kind of grinding out those sales and trying to get something to go through.

39:54 - Jorge Lewis Or we can discuss any small features that we might want to add on while you're doing that, things like that. Okay.

40:02 - Jared Cairns So what would you guys, so you have I know when we talked originally, I don't think you had any like SaaS clients or SaaS build outs. It's mostly website server maintenance, if I'm understanding right. So what would you, I mean, what would your just operating costs be? And then what would you guys think the uplift would be? Let's say that we're not implementing crazy features. We're more doing general maintenance bug fixes. I know we talked about this before, but just remind me.

40:30 - Jorge Lewis It would be less than 500. I'd say expect around 300 400 a month.

40:36 - Jared Cairns And that's everything together. That's your fee on top of the air table fee or whatever else.

40:42 - Jorge Lewis That's our fee on top. That's like us maintaining it. So if you wanted to go like bunker, let's say it took you, you were expecting it to take 12 months to reach a sale. You could bunker down and take this all into your own hands. We'd give you all the things you need. We're using super base, which is super basins, right? We're using super base.

41:01 - Jared Cairns What else we're sell for hosting Yeah, those two I think for hosting Yeah Okay, and then that's gonna be so right now I There's not a lot of external data to hold. It's really kind of our sandbox, but you're still paying for the monthly. Is it going, is it going above and beyond what you'd normally be paying for a subscription? Cause you guys build this stuff out.

41:35 - Jorge Lewis Is it, what do you mean?

41:40 - Jared Cairns Like, are there fees you're paying right now specifically for this project you wouldn't otherwise be paying? Like, are you paying hosting fees? Are you paying super based subscription just for Oak? And is that something that, Like let's say, you know first sale like are we gonna need a new subscription or new tier for every person? Like is it a user base thing?

42:02 - Jorge Lewis The the cost the cost is gonna be pretty constant and so you reach a point maybe not like We're talking at least a hundred at least a hundred organizations actually wait. No, there's users per Let's say like 500 users then we'd be talking about maybe upgrading some servers, but Okay, so pretty far in the future. Yeah, that would be driving Computers nowadays are just like it's it's just so free like actually I I was on ready the other day and I saw two guys post pretty similar post where it's like I want to build this software how much is the hosting gonna cost me and And I feel like there's this notion that hosting is going to cost you like a few thousand bucks a month when you have five users. I don't know. When you're, I don't know, it's just because nowadays on Vercel, I can't remember the cost per, I think it's probably like 40 bucks per month. And then Superbase 40 as well, I think.

43:03 - Jared Cairns Okay. So it's not very much. It's like pretty, pretty reasonable. Yeah.

43:11 - Jorge Lewis I mean, if we wanted to hunker down, I think if we, if you didn't pay any of our costs, it would probably be a hundred probably. I think less than a hundred.

43:20 - Jared Cairns I could say a hundred dollars a month. If in a world where I'm able to manage all this myself and I just have to pay my vet, pay the vendors. It's a hundred bucks.

43:29 - Jorge Lewis Yup.

43:29 - Jared Cairns Okay. Okay. That's yeah. That's very. And you think that even like, let's say we got to, yeah, 500 users, you think it would still be with 500 users, a hundred dollars a month, or there'd be other scale-up costs we'd want to tackle first?

43:43 - Jorge Lewis So Superbase, it was annoying at first because they advertise as a subscription service, but it's actually usage-based as well. And that was super annoying for us because we were like, they charge us 10 extra dollars for nothing. And I was like, I looked into it and I was like, oh, it's because it's actually usage-based. So they do charge you usage-based, but it's very cheap. I would say within $100, I could say $500.

44:07 - Jared Cairns At 500 users, you would be looking at No, no, no.

44:15 - Jorge Lewis I'd say $100 still. To be safe, let's say $150, $200 most.

44:20 - Jared Cairns So really cheap as it scales. So really not an issue at all.

44:24 - Jorge Lewis This is not computationally expensive at all. The only thing that's expensive is sending things. Oh, the files actually.

44:34 - Jorge Lewis But that's about it. So maybe, yeah, like at 500 users, maybe, I mean, at that point, $500 is nothing. That's like one organization.

44:44 - Jared Cairns Is there, tell me how stupid I am here. Is there a way to keep these files?

44:49 - Jorge Lewis Oh, we can also self-host Superbase at that point. Like that's what, if we realize, This is costing us too much and we're better off self-hosting it. We can take it into our own servers that we pay, you know, 40 bucks for like insane specs. Then we can do that.

45:06 - Jared Cairns Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. I mean, at that point we would be having very different conversations.

45:11 - Jorge Lewis I mean, that would be crazy. Which is why we use Superbasin because it's open source. We can yank their whole software and put it on our own server.

45:19 - Jared Cairns Yeah.

45:22 - Jared Cairns And tell me how stupid I am here. So there is, in terms of the space issue, like, is there any way you're still hosting the entire file, but if you were to compress the file, it doesn't make any difference because the original file is still on that server. Like you're still hosting the original to be accessed at some point later.

45:37 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

45:38 - Jorge Lewis I mean, PDFs are pretty small. Um, could you tell me like the size of an average file? I mean, like even a big contract is probably like, I think we're talking a few hundred kilobytes, like maybe three megabytes at most. And at that point, I don't think it's much. And if the contracts, if for example, if the contracts end up being the bottleneck, then we'd look at using a separate content management system, CMS. But yeah, like Superbase is great because they kind of do everything for a pretty very reasonable price.

46:18 - Jared Cairns Yeah. Okay. Okay, well, I don't think that stuff's a concern then.

46:23 - Jared Cairns That shouldn't be any concern. That sounds good then.

46:28 - Jorge Lewis Probably the least important thing out of everything we've discussed, but do you have a logo in mind?

46:32 - Jared Cairns No, that's a good point. I need to get one designed. Maybe that'll be the next thing I do. Or maybe I'll just do Chad GPT logo to start, honestly.

46:41 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, Jonas did. All our logos were designed by us, actually. Well, except the new one. Have you seen the new one?

46:49 - Jared Cairns The Startino logo?

46:51 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. It looks good.

46:53 - Jared Cairns The rocket ship, right? The green triangle and the purple triangle?

46:56 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. It looks good. The lady that designed it, it was pretty bad. I had to redo it. I used her design as inspiration and then I designed it myself.

47:08 - Jared Cairns Oh, really?

47:08 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, it was pretty unfortunate.

47:11 - Jared Cairns Oh, so that is actually your design, basically?

47:14 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. Like we were like, okay, let's just pay, you know, a premium price to get this done, you know, very, very smoothly for us. We wanted to kind of get this done really fast and without trouble, but it was, it was quite a bit of trouble, sadly.

47:28 - Jared Cairns Really? That's annoying.

47:31 - Jorge Lewis That's a spaceman is actually chat.

47:33 - Jared Cairns This right here.

47:34 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

47:35 - Unidentified Speaker It's good.

47:39 - Jared Cairns That's funny. No. Yeah. I need something. I love how simple this is. Like I would love a simpler logo like this. I think those work great nowadays. The best that you can get. Yeah. Um, no, that's, that's been on my mind. It's fun because you engage a different part of your brain kind of by like, you know, artistic stuff. Yeah, no, exactly. Like I was thinking, my brother and I were talking about, um, um, My brother and I were talking about it. He's like, you should create a shirt for Oak and it should be this. Have you seen Run the Jewels, the band? This is basically their logo. He's like, it should be this logo and it should be this one holding a pen and this one holding a contract. And then it says Oak CLM, like it should be on a t-shirt. I was like, that's a fucking sick idea. If we get to that point, I'll make that shirt.

48:33 - Jared Cairns But yeah, I know this band is killer if you never listen I'm do they're on the jewels run the jewels are fucking badass I Was thinking kind of like a a Piece of oak viewed from top down like you

48:56 - Jorge Lewis chopped up the tree and you look at it top down we can have a Just, I don't know, I feel like that would be very basic, but iconic, because oak.

49:04 - Jared Cairns Yeah, no, I think that's good. I mean, I feel like you could do something with, you could do something, oh, that doesn't work. You could do something with like, this part of the K could be a tree if you wanted to. I feel like you could do...

49:17 - Jorge Lewis Oh yeah, we could do a wordmark as well, yeah.

49:22 - Jared Cairns I mean, how do you...

49:27 - Jorge Lewis There's a lot right now. Yeah.

49:29 - Jared Cairns Let's see what this does.

49:37 - Jorge Lewis I've used that one once.

49:42 - Jorge Lewis Just inspiration.

49:44 - Jared Cairns Yeah. These are like, even if you don't go with one of these, it's like, it gives you so many ideas to bounce off right from the beginning.

49:52 - Jared Cairns Actually, I kind of like that. Color scheme right here. This is kind of nice looking. That one's not bad. Look at this one. This is kind of crazy.

50:05 - Jorge Lewis That's kind of interesting.

50:07 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I kind of like this one.

50:12 - Jared Cairns That one's cool. I like that. That one's good. I like where this logo is at, where it's kind of more Okay.

50:25 - Jorge Lewis I think I cut out or someone cut out.

50:29 - Jared Cairns Yeah. Can you hear me again?

50:32 - Jorge Lewis These people that you're going to be emailing, how old are they and kind of what's their background?

50:36 - Jared Cairns So it's all over the place. So I'd have basically people that'd be in the system a lot. So I have some people that I've met, I've managed over the years. So some people would be And then I have people who are middle career who would be approving a lot of this stuff. And then I have, current CEOs, former CEOs, COOs, CMOs, who would be, you know, kind of the final signer or navigating the system looking for approvals or reviewing within the system. So I would be trying to get a kind of a good mix, but mostly people on the lower end of the bracket is because there's more of them.

51:08 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so yeah, we'd have to look at who are we approaching and then who is the deciding buyer. So is it the CEO that's going to approve? Yeah, let's do it. Or is it going to be, because we need to get it past that first person that we're introducing it to. And then we have to make sure that when they present it to whoever they need to do, that they're like, yeah, this is cool.

51:26 - Jared Cairns Yeah.

51:27 - Jorge Lewis To align with both those people.

51:29 - Jared Cairns This one's kind of cool. Yeah, I think like just getting the feedback first because it is weird. I mean, you end up having to basically get it approved by multiple people, which is the CEO and usually the head of finance. So those two people, most of these companies don't have a head of purchasing or HR or whatever else. So mostly, it would be those two people, which luckily those are the people I've interacted with the most and the people that I know the most of So I think that that will be hopefully good feedback. And then They're also not afraid. Look, this one even has the color scheme.

52:03 - Jorge Lewis That one's cool.

52:03 - Jared Cairns Yeah, that one's not bad, actually. Yeah, this is actually pretty decent. Some of the stuff in here. You can definitely find something good. This one's a little tree with a guitar.

52:14 - Jorge Lewis That's a nice vibe.

52:18 - Jared Cairns But no matter what, I think I can get good feedback from them and just hear how much it sucks.

52:24 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

52:26 - Jared Cairns How much they love it, how much it sucks.

52:30 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, that's the way to go. Feedback.

52:33 - Jared Cairns This is good. I like how simple this is.

52:36 - Jorge Lewis I like the circle. I think the circles is kind of what we're aiming at. The circle's good.

52:43 - Jared Cairns This one's good, but it looks like a secret society. It looks like a little community or something.

52:50 - Jared Cairns Yeah, this website is actually solid. You can definitely find. There's 10,000 in here.

52:56 - Jorge Lewis I can definitely remember what I used it for. My brother and I were going to start a, um, a little local business. I was trying to help him kind of help him find his entrepreneurial side. The first, the one that we were using this for was, um, premium haircuts, like at home haircut services. Oh yeah. Oh, that's cool. It was too much of a stretch. Yeah. Last week I was telling him what he should be doing is this new one that we thought of, which is in our local area, everyone has bikes because we're in like kind of a village area. You can't go with cars where the houses are. So everyone has bikes. So offer a service taking those bikes to the bike shop to get repaired because it is so annoying walking your bike from the house to the bike shop.

53:40 - Jared Cairns That's a good idea.

53:41 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, we charge them like 10 bucks, maybe even like, yeah, eight bucks per bike, take two at a time. I'd say that's pretty good, especially for a 15 year old kid, you know?

53:51 - Jared Cairns Yeah, that's a good idea.

53:53 - Jorge Lewis Partner with the bike shop as well. Tell them, hey, I'll bring you new business. Can I get a cup?

53:57 - Jared Cairns Yeah, exactly. Look at that. That's hustling.

54:03 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I think this one's not bad. Yeah, there's definitely a lot in here that are good. So I think we can find a logo. For now, I'm not worried about it as much, but I'm sure that'll be the feedback that they don't like how plain this is and want something different.

54:21 - Jorge Lewis Well, that logo is from the Tailwind website.

54:29 - Jared Cairns Oh, really?

54:30 - Jorge Lewis It's what we use for like, it's a styling library, I guess you could call it. Oh, OK.

54:37 - Jared Cairns It looks fine to me, shit.

54:39 - Jorge Lewis I don't know if we can use it though as a main point.

54:42 - Jared Cairns Oh, I got you. Trademark infringement.

54:44 - Jorge Lewis I have no clue.

54:46 - Jared Cairns We should just put something really, we'll put the Nike logo here. And just be like, yeah, this is our original design.

54:52 - Jorge Lewis Oh yeah, that one looks cool. I don't know, it's just so simple, it's like,

55:01 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I think that's what I'll do next. So I'm gonna probably, Because if I add a user, I can determine who they report to, right?

55:10 - Jorge Lewis Yeah.

55:13 - Jared Cairns And they just have to be somebody that's already created.

55:15 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, the tough thing with B2B. So you're doing B2B. This is a B2B SES. B2B, yeah.

55:23 - Jorge Lewis What makes it a lot easier is the sales is a lot easier because you can target them a lot more and there's a more rigid process. You can hire salespeople to do it. The harder part is getting them to test it is so hard because they have to test it. They have to implement it in their company. That's the hard part.

55:41 - Jared Cairns I feel like the nice part about this is really what I'm doing is really asking more of a favor from people. I'm cashing in my favors a little bit. It's not it's not a huge uplift to ask somebody to say like try to submit a contract and see and see if it's easy It takes you less than five minutes with this system. It's like to me. I feel like anybody could log into here I almost want to say like blindly go into here I'm not gonna get any instruction and try to submit a contract and let me know if you can figure it out like just to see if the UI is that intuitive or not, which I would say it probably is but I One thing that sucks about developing software is you get so used to the UI that it's normal. It's obvious to you.

56:26 - Jorge Lewis It just sucks because you can't not get out of it. You have to find another person again.

56:30 - Jared Cairns That's exactly where my head's at. I would say like...

56:39 - Jared Cairns I mean it's functional now. The only thing that I could see people saying would be like... Cause every system, every business UI like looks the same now. Like they have the top search bar right here with the highlights and drop down and you select from here and they have the sidebar. This one's a little bit different. Although I think we're following kind of those same design principles, but I think you do get like, you kind of want to make it look unique, but if you make it look too different, they start to think it looks unprofessional. You know what I mean? I mean, I don't think this looks unprofessional, but I think that's the uphill battle that you fight.

57:19 - Jorge Lewis You need it to be similar to the things before, so that it's not too new that it makes them uncomfortable. But it has to feel fresh, so that it's like, this is new. This is better.

57:29 - Jared Cairns I'm wondering if that... Well, we'll see. I mean, I don't want to bias myself in terms of what the feedback would be. I'll just say, give me any feedback you have.

57:38 - Jorge Lewis I think that pink is actually from our color palette. That was brown at some point.

57:44 - Jorge Lewis Actually, wait, no, yeah, you have a total, we made the color palette, I believe, it was kind of like a teal brown.

57:49 - Jared Cairns I remember, yeah, you were sending me the

57:51 - Jorge Lewis I'll find that image and I'll bring it up. All right, well, I think I have another call to get to, let me check. Oh, look at you.

58:05 - Jared Cairns Wow, what a hustler, dude. Nice.

58:10 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so.

58:11 - Jared Cairns Cool. No worries, man.

58:12 - Jorge Lewis It's been great catching up. Hopefully we can have more of these. What do you think?

58:16 - Jared Cairns Yeah, that sounds good. I'll just keep using that same link. That works.

58:24 - Jorge Lewis Usually when you set the appointment, I think there's a toggle for make it a Google Meet, which I think you might've not ticked, but I can schedule it. Does this time every week work for you?

58:39 - Jared Cairns What day is it today, Tuesday? Yeah, probably that works.

58:43 - Jorge Lewis Okay, we can try maybe like weekly or bi-weekly depending on how things are going. Next week.

58:48 - Jared Cairns Oh, this is late enough, I should be good. Yeah, yeah, those should be fine.

58:52 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, so what I want to see from you is you actually reaching out to these people, make a loom or tell them, hey, I've got this demo I want to show you and actually show it to them because if you can show them the value in this, then the buying part is going to be easy for them.

59:05 - Jared Cairns Yeah, I think that's the next step. And I think that even with some of these functions that are like, you know, just about there I think that's not that big of a deal right now. Really the overall feedback piece is more important. I think that's what I'll do next.

59:20 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, one of the hard things about sharing things that aren't done is like you want to impress them but you have to realize that they don't For them, it's not the same as for us. For us, they see something that's functional, they see something that finds value, but for us, we're like, this is our baby, so it's like,

59:39 - Jared Cairns Right, no, you're totally right. Yeah, you're totally right. I think that's what's next. I'm going to, I'll probably make the list tonight. Actually, let me ask you, oh, you're late for your next call. I'll send you a message in Discord.

59:53 - Jorge Lewis It's a team call, it should be fun.

59:56 - Jared Cairns Okay, so basically, when I add a user, Can I add somebody without the emails going out? Can I make that happen later or no? If I don't include their email or is that required field?

1:00:14 - Jorge Lewis Try it. I think it's required. So what would be the purpose?

1:00:21 - Jared Cairns So I kind of want to set it up where I'm thinking of multiple teams of people and when I send it out, I kind of want to set up all their workflows first, and then email them as a group. It's not really a big deal, but I was just curious if it's something that would work or not.

1:00:37 - Jared Cairns It's not a big deal if it doesn't. I'm just curious. I'm going to submit this.

1:00:50 - Jorge Lewis The middle ground is just asking the person you're talking to to send you their emails, and you can set it up all for them.

1:00:55 - Jared Cairns Yeah, it shouldn't be an issue. I was just curious. If I can do that first, but yeah, not a big deal.

1:01:00 - Jorge Lewis Okay.

1:01:01 - Jared Cairns That'll be my next step. All right.

1:01:06 - Jorge Lewis Well, great, man.

1:01:07 - Jared Cairns All right.

1:01:08 - Jorge Lewis That sounds good, man. Thanks for your time. I'll talk to you soon.

1:01:10 - Jared Cairns That sounds good. Take it easy.

1:01:12 - Jorge Lewis Thanks, man.

1:01:13 - Jared Cairns Yeah, bye.