meeting video editor - discussed basic strategy 
Fri, Jul 5, 2024

0:03 - Abdallah Ahmed Whenever you're starting a new channel, that channel has the purpose of serving one particular type of audience. They should be going there to get a specific format, a specific length of video, a specific theme. Like, if you can tailor it as much as possible, then you will have a more loyal audience. Sure, it may not be as large initially, but you will develop a more loyal following. So something that jumped out of me while I was going through the, like, audiences section that you put on there was that these are, like, from what I surmised, they were generally, like, some topic ideas. What you were talking about mainly was here. Though who the age of 25 to 55 startup founders looking to establish a software business that works Functionally great and all but something is that the age range is a bit too wide Like I want to give you my thoughts before you kind of go into it and show Oh, no, you can interrupt me at any time. It's just a discussion.

1:14 - Jorge Lewis I can kind of give you the vision and what I'm trying to achieve with it, in my own words. I know maybe some stuff should add, but yeah. I'm really trying to start a brand, a personal brand, for a couple of reasons. The business reason isn't as prominent yet, I feel like, Regardless, if I target it towards the ICP of my business, I think it'll provide value because they'll be, they do background searches as I'm very aware of, and they usually find all my social media, but they're able to see that and see that I post really high content stuff. I'm an honest person, I have experience, but I think I'll be able to target the people I want to, which are developers and young entrepreneurs, while still providing value to my business ICP. And maybe later down the road, I can produce some tailored content specifically towards that.

2:01 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah, that's actually a very good point that you brought up because the reason that you just said is something that actually happens with me in multiple times. A lot of the really high quality clients that I got up to this point were mainly people that had seen my content before or had seen me putting out content and establishing myself as like a brand and a figure that is present on the internet. And they listed that as one of the reasons when I asked for feedback. So like, for example, here.

2:27 - Jorge Lewis For me, the main reason was because if a video editor is starting his own channel, it's very appealing to me because then he'll understand more of what a video should be rather than just making it look fancy. I could have gone on Upwork or Fiverr and hired someone very cheap for there, but then I just know the quality wouldn't be as good and I'd get a much more holistic value for my money with you.

2:56 - Abdallah Ahmed I appreciate that a lot. And I want to touch on a point really quickly. If we're talking about the technical side, if you know exactly what you want to do, then Fiverr is going to be a very good option. But they won't have as much of the holistic brand building and channel direction and strategizing. The fifth That's the exact same reason that I started my YouTube channel for myself It's like how can you like help someone else on their channel and say that's your video editor when you have nothing behind your own self like that For example, this is a message that I screenshot it from one of my clients that those were the two reasons that they listed to your own video channel in the channel where you mentioned you earned your first 50 bucks it made it seem more personable and And it also felt like this guy goes above and beyond. Okay, let me just dismiss this. So like what you said earlier, this perfectly like shows that it does work. This is like, it has value beyond the intangible.

4:12 - Jorge Lewis Another one that's, I'm just kind of throwing things at everybody. Another idea is also that like, there is more collateral. I think that's always kind of in the back of our heads when we work with you. It's like, he has a YouTube channel. If he doesn't do a good job, then it'll be harmful to his own, his uh, his separate... Sorry, can you repeat that? Can you repeat that part again?

4:35 - Abdallah Ahmed There's a lot of echo that's going on and I don't know where it's from

4:44 - Abdallah Ahmed It's like I hear your voice and I hear it like, again, but a model of a feel to it.

4:53 - Abdallah Ahmed And now I can't hear you at all.

6:04 - Abdallah Ahmed I can't hear you. I don't know if you're trying to say something.

8:29 - Abdallah Ahmed Alright then, yeah, I was going to suggest that. So, anytime, just type into it and I'll respond. Okay, what were we talking about?

8:43 - Abdallah Ahmed Okay, let's just, yeah. Okay, so let's just finish what we were talking about.

8:53 - Abdallah Ahmed So the avatar.

8:56 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah, I think this age range is a bit too wide because you know that like the idea of if you're trying to serve everyone, you can't serve anyone. And if you're trying to make everyone happy, you can't make anyone happy. It's the same point. Like the humor of a 25-year-old will be vastly different to one that is 55 years old. The things they like, the things they'll be interested in, all of that. So my point is that the earlier on we are, the more important it is to kind of niche down a bit, as much as we possibly can, while attracting a big enough audience for what we're trying to do. You mentioned that, OK, so Which is the principal reason for you said that there is a business reason to it, but it's not the most prominent of them. Like what is your most singular important goal with the channel? Because there are two ways we can go about this. Like you can maximize for views, but it will be kind of diluted and vague a bit. Or you can go really central towards the specific audience that you're trying to get and you will be able to attract them. Same as how, like I just have 50 subscribers, but this call ended up happening. And those are the kind of two directions that you can go with it. You can go with a medium. But the thing is, the more you niche down, the slower the growth will be. And the more wide you go, there will be more viewers, but they won't be as valuable, depending on what your goal is, because maybe you're just trying to go for name and brand awareness. So just having eyeballs on what you're doing is more important. Maybe you're trying to drive sales and drive like clients to the software business and that's when it's more important to kind of niche down towards those specific people because I've seen some cases where people just have an Incredibly low amount of subscribers and general traction, but they're making absurd numbers So it all depends on what what your goals are going with this channel so that's like the first thing that I'm trying to ask about because that will Everything else will be downstream of it Yeah, like there are some channels that have incredibly low number of subscribers like absolute wise but they're able to make bank because the audience that they do have is very Yeah, there can be enough a very low absolute numbers wise but they're able to drive a lot of sales so it makes it a very profitable business with like less than 10,000 subscribers and you may have like hundred thousand plus and they're barely making any money so that's why I'm trying to discern the most important goal for you whether it's to kind of attract clients or it's more towards general like people knowing of your existence sort of thing it's also different if you're trying to go for yourself or for the channel as a brand so more for yourself not a very business side Yeah, okay, that's fantastic. That works phenomenally well. There are no issues with that. Yeah, okay, that's definitely something that we can do. There are a couple of caveats that I want to point out is that the more you try to center the channel around yourself as a person and your personality and your own existence, the slower it will be to growth

12:47 - Abdallah Ahmed there is nothing centered around, you get what I mean? Like there are no symbols, there is no fame and popularity that you can extract attention from them onto yourself. As if, to contrast that to maybe something like a gaming channel that's riding off the trend of a Red Dead Redemption 2, something like that. There is already inherent Inherit interest and liking in that game, so they will naturally be easier for them to attract more viewers But if you're trying to base it on someone that just popped out into the internet without any backing behind them, then it will take longer. It will be more difficult. The growth will be slower. But as I said, take this as a general rule, but the slower the climb, the more loyal and the more long-lasting the audience typically is. And the second part of that is also when it comes to, like, the format of the content itself that you're creating. Because say, for example, that's actually a good point to hit on right now.

13:50 - Abdallah Ahmed As I said, I watched through a bunch of the videos of the three channels that you mentioned about.

13:57 - Abdallah Ahmed Where were they? Ah, here. Daniel Dallin, No Boilerplate, and Trey Gustafson.

14:04 - Abdallah Ahmed All of them have their specific appeal that appeals to their audience based on the format of the content that they created for themselves. No Boilerplate is just audio. It's basically like advanced slides as the form of video. It's mostly technical content about coding, Rust, and that type of thing. And it very rarely veers off of that direction. And because of that, you can see it on their channel.

14:35 - Abdallah Ahmed is like It's very difficult to see numbers that are extremely below the number of subscribers like here. It's 278 92 95 Like like every once in a while what like, okay, that's a good point. See this when you podcast a phosphine catalog It's something completely different than what the other that audience is expecting Like here this video where for a channel that's talking about rust and coding and development and getting stuff done and You see those 7.5. Those are like the really dedicated Section segment of the of his audience that is just diehard watch anything he does and follow anything he does Every once in a while doing this is fine, but if you keep on continuously doing that you get cases like this I actually got this specifically for us and for this time, where this is one of the channels that I'm working on currently they had a problem where they had they were posting a couple of shorts that went really viral and it got them a lot of subscribers but now this like this is like recent content they published this is the views and this is the likes if we take this as just like a percentage of the overall subscribers, it's like not even comparable because this is also a reason why I really don't like shorts if you're trying to mix them on a long-form channel because it's a very vastly different audience with very different viewing habits and also another thing is that it's like It's not the type of videos and the type of content that they wanted and that they expected from the channel. So that's like, maybe like 29,000 of those aren't functionally there. They basically don't exist. And the more videos that you put out that are similar to what we just saw here, uh, where was it?

16:47 - Abdallah Ahmed Oh, yeah. And the more this happens and you find more and more people just completely abandoning the channel, not watching it anymore.

16:57 - Abdallah Ahmed Another thing you see is that when your channel is typically... How do I say this?

17:04 - Abdallah Ahmed It's also like the consistency with the format thing, but the more it is based on you, like the part that we said earlier about having a loyal audience, the more it is based around you, like what you as a person are, what you yourself do, the more consistent the views are, as like a proportion to the subscriber count like here it's maybe 46 like as an average 30% to 40% of his audience always consistently watches stuff and that's how you like bring on a loyal audience giving them the same thing at a very consistent time what they were expecting without any major deviations and that's why like you're trying to make it as consistent and as same uniform all the way as possible.

17:53 - Abdallah Ahmed And that's also like one of the things that I wanted to bring up is I want us to hone in a lot more on what kind of thing you may have in mind. At the start, you can experiment as much as you want. From what I understand, because you listed those three channels, that's the type of general content that you interact with and that you watch consistently. Travel, talking head about self-improvement, productivity, coding-related stuff.

18:23 - Abdallah Ahmed So the thing that we are likely to do, it depends on what your long-term vision are and how slow slash how instant you're trying to get to the results because what I would recommend from a long-term perspective is that you Like, spend a few videos at first just trying to get a feel for things, trying to understand what type of content you enjoy personally making. Because maybe you like talking to a camera just straight head-on and just talking about stuff, like the Trey Gustafson style. Maybe you really like talking about technical content. Maybe you just enjoy the traveling part and just want to shoot a lot of B-roll while hanging out with friends and I could just edit that B-roll into one coherent story.

19:10 - Abdallah Ahmed Why? Because the more you enjoy the content that you're making, the more long-term you will be able to make it consistently and keep the rate of your growth without any major interruptions. Because when it comes to YouTube, the growth tends to be pretty, like, exponential. Like, the time from 0 to 100 subscribers tends to be, like, the hardest period of it. Maybe that gap will take you a year, then from 100 to 200, it could take you three, four months, then 500, it could take another two months. It kind of snowballs onto itself because one, the algorithm as a system can... Okay, so do you understand how the algorithm works in general or should I just dive into that part?

20:02 - Abdallah Ahmed All right, well, I'll just give a quick nutshell. Basically, YouTube has a general viewer profile of every person that uses their platform. What kind of videos they watch, what kind of videos that they like, comment on, engage with, et cetera, et cetera.

20:17 - Abdallah Ahmed What's this?

20:23 - Abdallah Ahmed I have no idea what's that. Oh, OK. So you have some experience. I didn't hear about that. That's pretty good, actually. Like, that's very helpful for what we're trying to do here. That's great, dude.

20:39 - Abdallah Ahmed Why'd you stop it?

20:50 - Abdallah Ahmed I had an end channel back in my day. It was a passion thing. Yeah, like, it seems you were on the up and coming. Why'd you stop? What happened? Did you just lose the passion for it?

21:03 - Abdallah Ahmed I see. Okay. So like that kind of ties into what we're talking to, what we were talking about.

21:10 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah. You stop the passion for it. Like, um, yeah. Your uploads kind of became less and less common. Five years, four, then three, then nothing. They completely die that. Okay. So yeah. So that ties into what we're talking about. The more enjoyable, the more enjoyable it is for a process for you. The longer you can keep on it and see those gains come to happen. Because the hardest part is always the beginning, in any kind of skill, in any kind of improvement that you're trying to do. Like, the initial parts suck, but it gets a lot easier for a couple of reasons. One, you understand the skill better and you're way better at it, so it doesn't take you as much effort. Two, people generally enjoy what they're good at a lot more. So when you start to get good at it, you tend to enjoy it a lot more. So that's why I'm like I'm leading with that because we're trying to find what's most enjoyable for you so that you can keep doing it without okay you're signaling to the guy yeah so that you can keep consistent with it without having that much friction against it because if that happens then well you're seeing the channel this is just gonna be a repeat of it The main thing, generally, that we're going to have to be focusing on is your own, like, on-camera presence. Because I can create the thumbnail. I can come up with the ideas. I can edit the video. I can publish it for you. But I can't record it for you in person. So your main priority will have to be, like, getting comfortable with the camera being on you. This would be good if it kind of shows your face, but it doesn't seem like it did.

22:55 - Abdallah Ahmed So yeah, so that's like the most principle thing that we're gonna have to be working on. So just, there are a couple of ways to get around, like blitz through it so you can just get comfortable quickly. It's not only just as pain, I know how painful this is gonna sound, but it's just basically recording yourself talking about something, watching it back, and comparing it to someone that you like, or someone that you find charismatic and can talk on camera easily. Note down what is the difference between you and them, and just trying to edge closer towards that end. Not saying to copy them, of course, but try to take from their mannerisms what seems natural to you. But most of the common things that you'll find in that area is that you'll find yourself too stiff, your voice will be kind of monotone, and you won't feel comfortable to move your hands or just, like, Express with your body a lot. Those are like the most common ones What were you talking about, yeah, okay Length content theme So yeah, basically we're just even if you do it completely on your own without my involvement and also just in case like you're worried about I don't know, maybe. I'm just putting it out there. Maybe if it's like you don't want to be too invested into it at first without having a feel for it for yourself, this is just a way to like test the water and see what you enjoy on a personal level.

24:32 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah, so a quick like nutshell into the algorithm. YouTube basically has a viewer profile of every person that uses the platform, what they watch, what they interact with, the general niches that are related to the one that you like watching. For example, if you go on incognito on your browser right now and you type up watches, you'll find a lot of things that A lot of suggested videos, a lot of recommendations that are in niches adjacent to watches, like fragrances, skincare, pickup artistry, that kind of thing. Even though that's not what you targeted at first, but they know that the people that usually watch stuff about watches, they usually like to also watch stuff about skincare, women, et cetera, et cetera. So it's why when you're starting out, a more Quantity-centered approach tends to be useful for a couple of reasons. One is just like getting the reps out, not being as nervous. Yeah, okay, just have at it while just going to keep continue talking about what I'm talking about. And if it gets figured out, sure, great. If it doesn't, we can just keep going the same way that we are. Don't worry about that. What am I talking about?

25:58 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah. A more quantity-centered approach, one, to get the reps out so you can just become familiar with the process, and two, the more you do, the more you can kind of orient yourself better towards the type of content that you want to make, and so it helps you niche down and find your groove, so to speak, more. When you find yourself reaching Well, pretty much when you're comfortable with the process in general, you don't feel it as an obstacle and friction every time that you need to record, every time that you need to come up with the idea, et cetera, et cetera. When that point happens, you can focus on quality a lot more. But generally, you should... The goal is to generally be improving 1% with every video that you make. And that can mean anything. It can be in the on-camera presence. Maybe it's just an editing trick. Maybe you have a better mic. Maybe you have a more coherent storytelling structure. There are infinite ways to improve a video. But just having the RepSync can get you into a headspace to think more about that stuff. So that's why I'm talking about it that way. But the ideal, of course, is to keep pumping out as many videos as possible that are high quality. And that's like the holy grail of it. Because one, the more videos that you upload, the more profile, the more of a profile YouTube can create around your content. Okay, so the people that watch Trey Gustavano They will also probably like Jorge's content so recommend it to them, and that's how you get impressions Not fix that okay, I'll just keep going um what else what else Yeah Like I said earlier though the more that you focus on your I appreciate it. The more that you focus on yourself at the start, the slower the growth is, but the more loyal of an audience develops, but you can kind of like almost borrow fame and popularity from other things that are popular at the moment as well. When you've seen the initial upsurge of AI, yeah, I'm kind of hearing myself now.

28:28 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah, that's an interesting one. Try to say something.

28:37 - Abdallah Ahmed Try to say something. Is it working or not?

28:48 - Abdallah Ahmed Just leave it. It's all right. Just leave it. We'll figure it out some other time. Yeah.

28:57 - Abdallah Ahmed It's like when you saw like the initial upsurge of AI. Actually, that's a good thing. Let me just show you that while we're at it.

29:19 - Abdallah Ahmed Let's say, you know, just once.

29:31 - Abdallah Ahmed Okay, look, this is Google Transit, kind of lets you help gauge the... Yeah, sure, that sounds great, that sounds all right.

29:41 - Abdallah Ahmed Sure, we'll just schedule it up another time. When you have an opening, just let me know and I'll kind of organize things around that. Because I'm pretty sure that it's late at night, you're probably having dinner and you probably wanna go and just relax and head to sleep. Sounds about right?

30:02 - Abdallah Ahmed Yeah, I thought so. Yeah, sure. That sounds great. No, no worries about that at all. I just like wanted to give you the information so you can have just a rough idea of how things will go and how you might want to. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I just wanted to give you like the general nutshell of things so you can decide the steps from there. Yeah. And that sounds great. I'll let you have your dinner. Yeah, no worries at all. If you have any questions, any time, any kind of thing that you're wondering about, just anything at all, just DM me anytime, send a message, and I'll get back to you as soon as possible on it. Alright. Have a great night, man. Enjoy your dinner.

30:47 - Abdallah Ahmed Bye!