Discussion for Stori with everyone 
Mon, May 20, 2024

0:42 - Unidentified Speaker Bye!

0:44 - Jorge Lewis Like I didn't like when I searched what do you mean by that like that was a great one, but I need to breathe I What part of the world are you in now?

1:54 - Cuan Mulligan So this is talking about the marketing project.

2:09 - Cuan Mulligan I think we've been going super, super, super deep in this on our own research and trying to understand it. I think, Jamie, I'm probably going to hand over to you to sort of give your thoughts and considerations of where you are right now. And this is more You know, Jorge, when we were speaking last week, you were sort of really challenging and asking good questions like, what's the purpose of the POC? Who's it going to go to? Like, is there a hard-coded version? Like, is there a super dirty version to prove the concept? And what are we actually, what problem are we trying to fix? We want to try and explore what is the right scope of something and Is there work I want to talk about, like how do we train bots and could we train individual bots and then migrate that to a multimodal bot in the future? That's another topic I'll come back to. And then JP, I think you've got some sort of questions in terms of the knowledge and aspirations around multimodal stuff.

3:05 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

3:07 - Jonathan Phillips First of all, my connection is pretty ropey at the moment, so I may have to reboot my machine because it looks like it's my problem. Anyway, I'll keep on going anyway in the meantime. Right, so multi-agent AI systems, that's really the core, that's the differentiator that we see. I think ChatGPT are going to release a new version very soon which incorporates this as a framework. Obviously there are existing frameworks available so it's something that everyone's going to have.

3:41 - Jonathan Phillips opportunity to use very soon, whether you have experience or no experience. So it's not going to be a differentiator in itself, because it's going to be ubiquitous. Everybody's going to be using it. We need to know, really, how quickly we can move through. I don't think it's the proof of concept, necessarily, as in, will this methodology work? We know it will work. And as time goes on, it's going to get better and better. So it is the future. We need to work out how quickly we can get on sort of riding the wave so to speak and have something tangible and something real that first and foremost we can go out to partners and prospects potentially with something credible to say hey look this is it working in reality rather than the concept. Even if it's very small scale, it's fine at the moment. We just need something to say, this is what we do, this is what we can do, this is our vision. And for them to go, wow, that's something that is next level. And it's that next level we need to get to so that we can then improve what we want to do but we need that initial sort of wow factor to show people without smoke and mirrors without saying this is a demo that we put together that looks like it works but it doesn't really in reality we need something sort of tangible so it's the ability for several bots to talk and interact successfully that's really where we want to get to sort of first base.

5:36 - Jonathan Phillips But it's very like like too much Yeah, so sorry, my sort of benchmark is that when they talk to each other, they don't just physically talk to each other, they make sense. I think that's the level we need to get to, so sorry. The things you're talking about is my base level. So where you get sensible conversation that's intelligent and reduced errors, critical problems, et cetera. So at least we can prove that in theory, We can take it and work further with it and make it even better, but at the initial stage, it works. And I think that's where we need to get to.

6:28 - Cuan Mulligan And I think there's a couple of different attributes here. So there is the So you have a bot, and then what I'm referring to, maybe there's a better word and you guys can correct me, but there's a tuition of that bot. So that's just a raw capability. So how do we teach it, train it, write a prompt with the personality and a standard that what good looks like for a particular slice of a problem statement? So for example, let's say a bot, I'm gonna do something very stupid. It was an expert in spelling. So it's constantly monitoring the conversation, and it knows the difference between American lingo and slang and English, right? And it goes, oh, look, sorry, just want to point out, you shouldn't, it's not this, it's that, right? It's a very, very narrow job. That is focused on doing something. So we would need to have the robot that we then write, I think it's prompts or stuff, to tell that what it looks like and what is good. And so we would, as an expert, set the standard for that. And that could be brand values, it could be content ideation, it could be anything. So we need the ability to train the bot or tell the bot what good looks like, The second dimension is the interplay between bots, taking feedback in real time, and then enhancing. I think that's the multimodal aspect of what we're talking about. So one question I've had is, while you guys are building out the multimodal capability and the backend interface for adapters and stuff like that, is there stuff, like could we get a single bot and just start proving it good at doing a job. And so we can start training it so that when you give us the multimodal capability, we can transpose all of that learning over and the prompts. The reason being at the moment is it feels quite sequential. The market's moving so quickly that we want to start getting our understanding of what does it mean to train a bot, what data do we need, what's the right way to prompt, all that sort of stuff. That's going to take time. And can we get ahead of it with a single bot, completely parking the multimodal aspect for now, and then once you give us the multimodal, we should be able to move all those bots together. In theory, that was what was in my head, but you might go, doesn't work that way, but maybe it does.

9:03 - Unidentified Speaker What's the difference between multi-agency?

9:33 - Arif Harbott Let's say we're going to have, for argument's sake, there's five people in a marketing team. There's a planner, strategist, writer, whatever it is, right? You've got five people. Now, we will have to load the prompts for all five of those. So let's say we're going to be completely individual. They were never going to talk to each other. We would have to undertake the task of saying, right, planning bot, you're going to do this. Creative bot, you're going to do this. And they would never talk to each other ever. Now, what we're saying is we're moving into a world where they can talk to each other now, and we know that's a little bit more complicated. So can we kind of get five prototypes where we can start coding them up and then in the background while you're linking them.

10:17 - Arif Harbott I think that's what you're trying to say, Cuan. So there's step one is each bot has to have its own sphere of knowledge. Step two is can they talk to each other? Now, maybe they can never talk to each other. Unlikely, right? Because the tech is moving so fast. But maybe when we link them up, it actually makes no sense and we keep all five separate and you have to engage with them separately. We don't know. But we're just trying to say, is there a way for us to get ahead of this? So we can start doing things now as opposed to it takes three months to build the tech and then we've got to code up these five bots anyway. Is that right, Kurt? Have I summarized that correctly? Pretty much.

10:51 - Cuan Mulligan We know that a bot speaking to another bot is one area, but the other one is, can we start training a bot to be good at a particular job so that when you give us the second capability, we can just take that learning and move it over rather than starting from scratch?

12:12 - Eksno Yeah, so you're talking about multi-agents as a hypothetical. So I'm wondering if you've seen our previous project, Aetino, RF, is that correct?

12:25 - Arif Harbott Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty sure I've seen it.

12:32 - Eksno multi-agents are a proven technology, they're already working, they're just not put to any practical use yet, so no one's using them for like a real purpose, it's mostly just scientists and researchers that are just testing them out, and we're

12:48 - Cuan Mulligan trying to use it for more commercial So you know, up until this point, whenever we've said multimodal, I think we mean multi-agent.

13:28 - Cuan Mulligan Ideally, the ultimate version of this is that the workshop is like this.

13:35 - Cuan Mulligan So that is vision, text, speech.

13:38 - Jorge Lewis It's a combination of all three.

13:45 - Jonathan Phillips So the picture of the Holy Grail is that we have this scenario here where your business owner, let's say, logs into his laptop and everybody's there spatially looking like a human, aren't humans obviously, and talk to each other as well as the person who's the user. So it's genuinely looking like a real team working interactively. And they may talk to each other and look at each other and say, hey, do you remember the meeting we had this morning? We talked about this, which clearly didn't exist. But it then relays back to the user that a meeting happened, and this is the output. So ultimately, that's the holy grail, and we're not there yet. But it won't take long. It won't take too long with the way that things are moving. But we need to get to the initial stages so that we're in place to put this into position, obviously, when we can do it.

14:34 - Cuan Mulligan So on the multimodal stuff, The voice versions I've seen, there's a little bit of a lag. It's not quite as dynamic as text. So should we focus on a text-based solution today to understand the multi-agent dance, for want of a better word? And then in the future, once the voice comes into play and it's good enough, we could just move that in. Because the learning of how something... Because voice is just... All they're doing is poking the text. They're not actually changing the text. So maybe we just focus on a text-based version initially.

15:12 - Cuan Mulligan Jonas, I have your hand up now.

15:16 - Eksno Yeah, so with like multi-modal, so audio, video, and like pictures, those are more going to be results from text. So for example, a team can, let's say a marketing team can collaborate to create a new marketing campaign. Then you can have one market or one designer, for example, that's an expert at generating prompts for image generation. So that designer basically can generate images for marketing campaigns. If you're generating videos, you can have one that's good at creating a script, which they then pass on to be converted to audio. And then the bots can create a marketing video, for example, or just marketing images. And it's not going to be the medium they communicate for. It's going to be medium that they produce, if that makes sense.

16:18 - Cuan Mulligan And we just had a call with somebody who's quite a sort of a seasoned consulting market here person. And one of the areas, and hence my question on how accessible is the web to LLMs, is sort of market research. So as you're doing something, there could be a bot going out doing some market research on the emerging information during a workshop and say, hey, you know, this is a, this is a $2 billion industry. There's like five main leaders in the area, this and this and this, because it's, yeah, that, that sort of real time dynamic that actually elevates, because generally if you did this in real life, you'd have the hour workshop.

17:10 - Cuan Mulligan And spending a week or two before you get that answer if we can do that in short circuit I'm familiar with it, I haven't used it personally though.

18:29 - Cuan Mulligan Okay. And in terms of the timing of stuff, I know you sort of said two weeks for a proof of concept, but I think that was the original proof of concept to prove, the point of that was to prove multi-agent stuff works. I think JP, from what you've been doing, the research you've been doing and things we've seen, that feels like a pointless exercise because I think we know that multi-agents do work. So I think we need to agree what the scope is So that we can get some high level timelines and costs so we can get that a contract signed over to jp to get moving Hey, i'm, sorry Uh, yeah

19:12 - Eksno so for The proof of concept how me and Jorge interpreted it was we basically create one workshop. So one like for example Last time we called about like creating mission statements, all of those things. So creating one workshop, which simulates one item, which you want to solve as a proof of concept. So proving the marketing team, not proving that multi-agents work, because we've already proven multi-agents work.

19:42 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

19:42 - Cuan Mulligan And so if we look at that as a scope, and JP, I don't know whether this is still a valuable one to say, let's do a brand values workshop. Yeah, it's it generally in real life. It's a, I mean, the only issue is I'm doing brand values. You know, I don't see that need for multi agent in that context because. There's no like, there's just pick your values. Yes, no, yes, no. Like there is no like, Oh, what about this or that way?

20:14 - Arif Harbott Maybe there might be someone going, Oh, you've picked three brand values that links to your closest competitor. I've gone out and done a web search. You told me that you're a B2B and your brand values sound more like a B2C. And again, I have no idea if this is possible. I'm thinking as a human, that's what I would be thinking as a human. I'm not a marketeer. Right. So again, I don't even know why I opened my mouth, I was just trying to get nervous.

20:39 - Arif Harbott It's very valid, very valid.

20:41 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, probably the most valuable thing you've said in about three weeks, so that's good. Every three weeks.

20:51 - Cuan Mulligan Again, in this proof of concept, I think one of the ways we talked about it was that you would basically give JP the ability to say, create new bot, I'm going to name this facilitator. This facilitator would then have to follow these steps, step one to two, two to three, three to four, and then there'd be a script or prompts or training for it to go from one to two, two to three, three to four. There'd be a second bot that might be doing market research or You know usefulness of a value. I don't know whatever like hey, you've chosen three values. They're all the fucking same That's not that's not going to you know serve you or not very compatible with your industry, whatever whatever the problem is There's the you give us the lego blocks and jp builds houses versus you build him a house That's not can never be anything else because it's really a for want of a better word a hard-coded proof of concept But I do think we want to prove that JP can train something, not can you make it happen. If you get the difference, I don't know whether I'm explaining that right.

22:08 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, no, it does.

22:09 - Cuan Mulligan I think that's a good question. One, I think, as I tried to explain the other day, it's very, very difficult. Like when I was trying to teach my kids how to tie my shoelace, I tried their shoelaces. I found it really, it's something I just know inside of me. I found it really difficult to explain it. And this other guy I just found on YouTube, so I just use that. I think the amount of time it'll take for certain aspects of it It's JP telling you something. It's going to be a very iterative. That didn't fucking work. I'll try this. No, that didn't work. Try this. Oh, that didn't work. Try this. Oh, okay. Now it's doing what I want. So there's a degree of JP learning how to speak to the bot, to telling you, and then you making something up. And I think that will be a very costly loop because we could go around multiple times because it's quite nuanced what we think good is. It's not like, you know, it's, it's more, Yeah, you're not drawing a square. You're drawing a landscape. So it's far more nuanced than it's just these four steps.

23:26 - Eksno On that, what we can do or what we'll probably need to do is most of the structure behind it, but for specific prompts that we're passing to the agents, those we can probably quite easily expose to JP, so he can fine-tune the prompts. That would be one way, or the closest you can go to training them.

24:38 - Arif Harbott because I don't think we have Jonathan's 30 years of experience written down so I think there's an element of him trying to identify what he does in an iterative process and then making sure that what he's thought about actually

24:52 - Cuan Mulligan comes out in the So how long, A, I know you're working on Adapt and other stuff, so when do you think you could start and how long do you think this will take to get something out that we can start playing with?

27:33 - Eksno Yeah, it sounds possible. But yeah, if we have some margin, I'd say at least keep the expectations to two weeks.

27:45 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I mean, if we can escalate this instead of adapt, again, I don't know whether they're mutually exclusive. Because there's a bigger unlock on giving JP the raw capability, go back and do some adapt and then when JP's learned we come back. So what we're trying to do is just not block JP. This is so short where adapt is sort of 10 weeks.

28:13 - Jorge Lewis Don't want JP waiting for Maybe there's an initial bit that's actually aligned for both of them.

29:10 - Arif Harbott works from the demo. All of these things look great in marketing videos, right? I watched the chat GPT-O video and it looked amazing. Whether me as a human interacting with it would get the same output given the complete unstructured That's what we want.

30:01 - Jorge Lewis If that helps you.

30:05 - Cuan Mulligan So I was coming up with names and I said marketing, what are we actually giving people? We're giving them a marketing team. And I just made up, I've had marketing, marketing. And then JP just went, you're not going to fucking believe it. It's already, it started as a domain search and there was there and it was like, I think JP, you've done some more research. On those guys. They've been around for a long time.

30:29 - Jonathan Phillips Yeah, they're four years old and they basically started out as an ad agency and then moved into tech and they have a single assistant live at the moment so they have a bot which is trained for social media and then they thought why can't we train other bots? And then obviously the realization recently that most people are talking about sort of multi-agent systems, they're thinking, let's now create a team. So they've got a head now on the demo, the smoke and mirrors to make it look like they have a team, but they don't. They're still building that very fast.

31:30 - Jonathan Phillips it's done recently. So they spent two years trying to build LLMs that were sophisticated. And now they're so sophisticated, all their work really has been trashed, which is obviously good. It's going to be the same for everyone at the moment, we're racing to keep up. But they've had a lead on us. But at the same time, a lot of their time has now been well, unfortunately for them, it's useless.

32:15 - Jonathan Phillips Yes, nearly all technical people Yeah, I mean they got two million in funding apparently two two million dollars so they have a Obviously a run of money as far as building a team.

32:34 - Arif Harbott I Think they were building a lot of the things that we've just got for free so they were building a lot of features and It's just when technology is moving this fast. You don't quite you've got to get ahead, but equally you don't know if suddenly tomorrow is going to be doing exactly what you've spent two years building. Who knows, right? You've got to take the risk. So I would imagine they've lost quite a lot of their funding and they're going to require a lot of that. At the time of a team of 15 people, they're going two years and they probably lost a lot of what they've done. Yeah, you know, building that out. They didn't say when, but they are starting to talk about it. I've watched some of it on some of the use cases that they came up with. And actually, in the demo, they had two instances of ChatGBT talking to each other in one of their demo videos. So it's really cool.

33:58 - Jorge Lewis You can't get out of this!

34:37 - Arif Harbott we're thinking is, if ChachiBD did come up with multi-agent, brilliant. We'll just take what we've got, we'll pivot over, because what we're coding is Jonathan, and OpenAI is not going to code Jonathan anytime soon, right? They're going to give us the infrastructure and capabilities to allow us to do that cheaper. Maybe it takes us six months. In the next iteration, another human can code themselves in three months, two months, one month. But I think this is what We're so keen on the knowledge inside the box is what's important, but they can talk to each other. We're hoping soon that's a commodity. And as it gets better, great for us, because the better our product and service becomes, we're starting off with that. It's going to be a bit clunky for them talking, understanding the tech will catch up with our vision.

35:43 - Jonathan Phillips So I love the ability to do it, obviously. When it first started, it was amazing. The issues I have with it are version control. So if I add a number of things to it, I can't at all rewind. I know that's part of LAPD. But if you do it in a GPT, it ruins it completely. So you've got to start again. So what I'd like to be able to do is take a cut at a certain point and clone it and then keep it aside. But when I mess up, so to speak, that can go back to a previous level. So I think that is essential when you're trying to teach it because it's so easy to teach it incorrectly. And then if you say undo what you did, it just doesn't do it.

36:45 - Cuan Mulligan Similar to JP, and you're quite limited, I think, in the, or I haven't worked out how you can really brain it, for want of a better word. So for example, you can write a prompt, give me 10 social media content ideas. All right, that's a prompt. It's a completely valid prompt. However, if I had a number of checkboxes that says, here's a number. Oh, so you want to write social media. OK, here's three personalities I can act as that we would suggest you use. Do you want to use one or all of them? And I would just go, yeah, I'll use all of those. OK, I found this a bit vague. Tell me a little bit about your industry. OK, so it would then clarify the prompt and then say, right, this is now a good prompt. Do you want to use it? And I go, yes. So there was no guidance in, in how to get the best out of us. So you can make progress really easily, really quickly. And then you're like, I don't know how to improve it. It was no guide.

37:55 - Cuan Mulligan I did on chat GPT. I did a very basic sort of coaching one and stuff like that. And you know, it's a little bit like Dante in that you can get Progress really really quick. I think it's really difficult to like Dante had all these glass ceilings that we would just hit on and Because it's inside and there are IDE for one better word You are completely controlled unlimited by how they foresee the world and how what levers you have to make it better Where the whole point of going with you guys and long chain is what it might be slower to get going but not as slow as it used to be ten years ago and If we wanted to add in new levers or new constraints on the model, we could get to do that. No problem.

38:40 - Jorge Lewis They're free at the moment.

38:51 - Cuan Mulligan The difference is that like for example if you were gonna write a AI scrum master and Someone could do that today by just going and getting the scrum guide and saying, follow that. That's what most marketing bots are going to be. Just do marketing by the book.

39:34 - Cuan Mulligan There's a learning process called going through the you where you learn stuff. And at some point you reach this impasse where you just go, this is all horseshit. And I now know how to break this model while still achieving the outcome. Most people never go through that learning process. So myself and Ara, for example, we know how to break any delivery methodology in order to achieve an outcome given the constraints and the context of the client. Which is always different. You can't just say, take Scrum and apply it in a context of a behemoth organization with fucking governance up the wazoo. That governance isn't going to change. And so you've got oil and water trying to mix, and you've got no emulsifying agent. And so this is what we mean by expertise. We're codifying the expertise. We back ourselves in our own respective areas to be world class. So someone can do marketing, doesn't mean it's good marketing. They can follow the process, but they're not going to give you the same outcome.

40:30 - Jorge Lewis Is the goal of this still, because when I first started before I said what should I do about this, the goal was to educate while you're executing. Is that still the goal? No. No, it's a marketing agency.

40:44 - Arif Harbott Yeah, it's pure.

40:45 - Arif Harbott Imagine you're going to a marketing agency today and you're saying, here's £50,000, after my marketing.

40:52 - Arif Harbott And obviously, we're not going to charge £50,000, that's the kind of concept. We can't do marketing internally because we're a small business. We want to give that to someone who's an expert because I want to focus on coding or I want to focus on consulting, whatever it is I do. I want someone to take that marketing problem away. The difference is when the marketing agency is done for you and they go, there it is. Here, it's going to be directed, it's going to be led by the founder or someone in the founding team. So it's like, do this marketing for me, it will come back and there will be some interaction.

41:21 - Jonathan Phillips And you also want an element of coaching in there as well. So potentially you can have a business advisor or coach plug in. So they're the conductor. So if you'd have zero marketing or business knowledge, then at least you have somebody supporting you who knows what they're doing. But ultimately it isn't a 10, 20, 30 man marketing agency.

41:54 - Cuan Mulligan to confirm the timing, you think you could get a V1 in a week?

42:04 - Unidentified Speaker Give or take.

42:05 - Arif Harbott We're not going to hold you to a day, but roughly, we're not talking about six months, we're not talking about one day.

42:20 - Arif Harbott finished, I'm not saying done, but we want to get to a point where Jonathan can start playing with it.

42:26 - Cuan Mulligan So if you can send over a proposal on a contract to JP, from my own point of view, you guys have been quite amenable to feedback on the contracts for ADAPT. So in good faith, I'm not delaying things because it's probably going to take a number of days to back and forth just to clarify with JP.

42:47 - Cuan Mulligan If we can make progress But again, if what you're doing on adapt is it is a no regret moves for for what JP needs as well Then we just crack on and we'll get the contract shorted at parallel Yeah

43:16 - Arif Harbott Yeah, most of my career has been running technology teams for, firstly, startups, but latterly, post-MBA, very large companies. So I launched the Morrison's Online Business, which is a grocer in the UK, helped launch TSB Bank, which is a big bank in the UK. I worked for Booker, which is one of the largest wholesalers in the UK, launched their, or grew their e-commerce division. And then the last kind of For six years, Cuan and I have been working together at Alex Partners. I was the digital CTO there. And the last kind of six months, I've been leading the Virgin Media O2 technology teams. So it's about, depending on the day, but about 650 of tech spend across the telco. My job is to get that to 500 million. So I started the year at 717 million. I'm down to 650. I've got to get to 500. So it's a pure modernization cost takeout play. Modernizing the telco infrastructure but also trying to reduce the costs of having like 50 Oracle contracts or some huge Netcracker suite where you can do it at like a fraction of the cost of a smaller company. So it's a modernization but