Meet Meeting 
Wed, May 29, 2024

1:01 - Cuan Mulligan Hello.

3:57 - Unidentified Speaker Can't hear you now.

4:48 - Unidentified Speaker you.

5:07 - Cuan Mulligan you Silence.

6:00 - Cuan Mulligan I tried to call them, but I couldn't get an answer.

6:39 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

7:30 - Unidentified Speaker Hello?

7:31 - Jorge Lewis Hey Matt, how are you?

7:33 - Cuan Mulligan Okay, now I can't hear you.

7:38 - Cuan Mulligan Let me confirm my... Okay, are you there?

7:44 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, can you hear me? Yes, I can.

7:49 - Jorge Lewis Can you see me?

7:50 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I can see and hear.

7:51 - Unidentified Speaker Perfect.

7:56 - Jorge Lewis Sorry about that. No worries. I think there's a very big line though.

8:18 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I think your picture and your audio are very disconnected.

8:31 - Unidentified Speaker Hello?

8:33 - Jorge Lewis Hey, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you.

8:37 - Unidentified Speaker Is it in sync? Better.

8:39 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I think so. Okay, cool. How's Trix? What part of the world are you still in, Vietnam?

8:50 - Jorge Lewis I'm at my buddy's place again.

8:51 - Unidentified Speaker Nice. Cool.

8:55 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, so, um, yeah, I wanted just to see whether, um, you know, we're just give you some background. So myself and Arif, we've been in consulting and product development in some form or another using AI, machine learning, more not generative AI, what you're doing, but more on the machine learning data science side for years in consulting and UK government. And we joined a telco in September to try and figure out what's next, like to transform the whole face of telcos. The guy that brought us in and sort of sold us a bit of a dream on our three-year engagement, he got fired in January.

9:46 - Cuan Mulligan They're doing a massive reorganization and we're probably going to be leaving. And so we're trying to figure out what's next. And while we've been doing that, we've been starting to have conversations with people to say, you know, like with you guys, I've gone down the AI rabbit hole for the last four months. And I think a lot of clients don't have a fucking clue what it means, what the opportunities are, what the threats are. And we're doing, we've started, we've offered like in the last week, we've offered five people that we know, five companies. Hey, can we come in for an hour and talk? We'll talk to you about AI, demystify it for you, identify actual applicable business cases, because there's a huge amount of novelty in AI. Like, create a stupid picture. Hey, fun, fun. And then go back to work. There's obviously huge risks with it as well. And most people don't know what to do, and they're really struggling. And so this is an area that we're excelling in, and we're speaking with people about it. We'll be starting our first sort of sessions next week.

10:47 - Cuan Mulligan We're trying to figure out, maybe this is what we do. We go deep on it. Now, one of the things that's coming out of these conversations is people are going, oh, could you prototype something for us? I was like, the answer is, yeah, we could. We know people as well. Now, there's a simple relationship, which is basically we just give people over to you. That feels like a missed opportunity for us in terms of cultivating this. Also, there's, We work at consultancies where we're 10,000 pounds a day to a client. So your rates going into them, they wouldn't work with you because you're not expensive enough. You would have no gravitas with them. And those prices, if you charge their prices to me, we would have never done business with you because we can't afford it. So there has to be this sort of spectrum and dynamic pricing based on the client's you know, reality. I was just chatting to Arif about it. He's off this week. It's half term over here. So he takes every half term off to spend time with the kids. I mean, we're just thinking, like, we would, you know, we reckon, as a bit of an experiment, we reckon over the next three months, we're going to be hitting an awful lot of business from a consulting point of view around AI. We're sort of trying to figure out, could we make a go of that rather than going in and working for some other fucking prick again and making, as I've said for years, I've just been making fat white men richer, and I'd rather not. There is a, without going into detail, because I'm under NDA, I can't talk about something. There is a, there's an opportunity. So a friend of mine that I used to work with is an advisor to a president in one of the African countries. So he hasn't been the president for the last four years, and the new election- Which countries?

12:40 - Cuan Mulligan African?

12:41 - Cuan Mulligan There's an African country, I'm not allowed to say which one. But there's an election in December, and right now he has a 50% poll, and the next nearest candidate is 25%. So the odds are that he's going to be shoehorned in. Now they have secured, well they have petitioned the IMF, the International Monetary Fund, for 20 million in training. So to retrain the entire government in a new way of working, which is where I'm potentially going to get involved in. But we have an entity over here called GDS, the Government Digital Service. So they are the entire digital arm of the UK government. And we're in conversations about setting that up for this government in Africa. And if we do it there, they're looking at getting a lot of the president's talk. So again, that could be absolutely nothing, or it could be unbelievably something. And they want to figure out, how do we elevate AI and then apply it at the governmental level? And again, once you start getting into sovereign wealth funds, it's a different ballgame in terms of autonomy and ability to do. Hopefully our issue becomes one of scale, not one of application and knowledge. So there's a lot of stuff happening. Again, nothing may come of it or something may come of it. It's hard to promise. But yeah, I was chatting to Ira the other day and I said, as I said, ups and what is, we just give you the business. And that feels like, as I said, a missed opportunity for us. And so I wanted to see whether it'd be something, whether you'd be interested in exploring a partnership, a more strategic partnership. If there's interest and I think we need to figure out the details of that, what does that actually mean? How does that actually work in reality? From just a strategic partnership on paper to potentially we could look at doing some investment. We're not millionaires, so you're not going to get a million.

14:37 - Cuan Mulligan There is some money that we could potentially put in as an investment to take equity ownership in you guys. JP as well as marketer, we could deploy him to start marketing the capability and getting it out there. I think there's a purple patch of opportunity right now where I think Aram's brother, he was an agile trainer for years. And just because every company said, oh, you need to have a piece of paper called a certification, he just stood in a river of demand going, I can give you those pieces of paper. And he made a lot of money that way. I think there's some flavor of that happening right now with AI.

15:20 - Cuan Mulligan And I think there is a bit like the NFT hype cycle. There was a massive proliferation of ideas and tools, and then most of them couldn't sustain themselves, and they end up collapsing. We're having the same night. There's so many white labeling, low-code, no-code platforms out there now. They're not all needed. They're just not. They all end up doing the same thing. So there'll be a consolidation in that play as well. I'm not a fan of no code, low code, because I think you hit glass ceilings.

15:50 - Cuan Mulligan I think you can. If you want to do really basic, rapid prototyping, I think that's fine. If you want to do any level of innovation, I don't think they're sufficient. I don't think it works.

16:36 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, it all depends on the use case like we we had a new person come into the Low code, low code. So he knew, he was very good friends with the owner of builder.ai which is now a multi-billion dollar company. How, I'm not entirely sure, but it is.

16:57 - Cuan Mulligan And yeah, and what we couldn't, what we were struggling for him to get across to him is like, you know, that's fantastic if you want to do clone of Facebook, clone of Instagram, like something that's already there, you can do them really quickly. However, if you're truly doing something innovative, like you have to have the ability to do code. So like, for example, Let's say every app you have has an account profile page. Yeah, but you can get that from Bootstrap. You don't need to have a no-code, no-code environment for those common reusable components. They're readily available everywhere now. So why tie yourself into this ecology of this platform that will currently curtail you at some point if you want to be innovative? If you don't want to be innovative, then I've got to ask the question, why are you doing it? But that's a philosophical question. Yeah, I just wanted to sort of throw this out there and see whether this is something that you guys would consider or whether it's not something that you're considering at this time.

18:40 - Jorge Lewis How would you imagine it would look?

18:58 - Cuan Mulligan Let's do something slightly a different use case. So the guy I met yesterday, he runs a company that I'm starting to network and interview just to see if I want to have another job plus hedging my bets. And I talked to him about what I'm doing with Adapt, what we're doing with Story. And he's like, oh, I've got an idea. Would you refer me to the guys that you think are good and you trust? And I'm like, Yeah, sure. So two things. One, I actually don't want to because there's a risk that you slow down on adapt and story because you've got a huge team. So I don't want to touch on that. Secondly, I'm like, I'm curious. There's another idea that I, I was speaking to somebody who used to work with the European commission and he wants something prototyped as well.

19:45 - Cuan Mulligan There's a balance, right? Because you and I, to a level, play similar roles in terms of that business analysis, product ownership, figuring out what the product is. I'm at a different stage of my career than you are. So my time is more expensive because of where I live. So in certain cases, I think you would do it or I would do it as a last leader to grow the company. But I think the same as you start putting more people on the table, you start having more cost.

20:24 - Cuan Mulligan to figure out the dynamics of it. But I think for the right clients, like if we're opening up a big consultancy company, then they'll tolerate our rights. So that wouldn't be an issue. And again, you're building a prototype to try and get the follow-on business. That's where the real money will come in. And actually, where we'd like to try and do, we would do, have you ever heard of build, operate, transfer?

20:48 - Unidentified Speaker transfer.

20:50 - Cuan Mulligan So you basically say to people, right, what we're going to do is we are going to hire a AI team for you and a team of software engineers that build AI capability. We will train them. And then when you are ready, we will transfer them to your P&L. So they will become employees of the company. We would set them up in still best practices It's a lot of managed service companies do that rather than just say, we'll pay you for five years, actually. When we started our last role, we didn't know whether we were going to be there a month or 10 years. So actually hiring people and taking on an employment contract and liability was not ideal. So we actually did, we engaged with the company. We said, right, build us a team. You're not going to give us people. You're going to put candidates in front of us and we will hire them. We will make the decision on whether they're hired or not. But you will have the employment rights, we will not. And then if we're here in a year, two years, and we feel that there's longevity in the function, then we will move them over. We would have the rights to do that. But in the meantime, you're going to make your margin and your day rates based on headcount. So there's pretty good money on HowCamp because you also don't have delivery responsibility. You're just TNN time materials. So it's up to the client to manage delivery in that regard. So you're literally buying capability and we're assuring quality. So there's that model as well, and I think we've got access to a very good recruiter, he's ex-meta, he's found some really good people for us very quickly in the past, he's very good at doing that. So we've got that, got you guys in terms of AI expertise. There's a big consultancy called Slalom. They've met a couple of account manager salespeople, redundant, that I'm just speaking to. I've just had a message from one there now. So they want to do, he's another prototype, they want to do, so they install sprinkler systems. Into companies. So the company just did one for the Apple, the new Apple building in London. And they had to turn, they don't have enough, they didn't have enough people. They turned down a 5 million pound deal for the new Google office. And I'm like, you should never turn down 5 million pounds, like ever. There's no criteria for ever doing that. Now, they want to use AI to basically say, right, if you tuck in the schematics of a building, Could AI do the first pass allocation of where the fire sprinkler systems need to be? And then visual generative AI, like if you walked around the building, could it do actually safety checks? I mean, the cross sell on this is fucking amazing. And it's just a really cool innovation.

24:01 - Cuan Mulligan if they are the ones who are instilling all of the fire sprinkler systems, and we know what fire regulations are, like doors, distance, stuff like this, could we do real-time safety checks on buildings based on generative AI as an example? So again, the issue there is liability. If you get it wrong, people die. So your insurances are pretty big. And also, I love sleeping at night. I don't like jobs that keep me awake at night. So like anything to do with arms, tobacco, I tend not to get involved in.

24:47 - Cuan Mulligan We have an opportunity actually to work with a company, it's a private wealth fund. And they own all of the McDonald franchises in a part of Europe. And Arif's going to be leading that engagement. I mean, they've got a double sales in five years. I mean, that's a huge technology opportunity. But the issue is, from a moral point of view, I don't fucking know if I want to double McDonald's sales anywhere in the world. It's not fucking good. So I have a real issue with that. Yeah, that's fair. They also own farms in Australia, they own jewellers, they've got 70 hotels around Europe, and none of the hotels speak to each other. They've got nothing. Most of them you've just got to ring up. So there's a lot of really basic hygiene tech stuff, which has nothing to do with AI, but I think AI call centres are going to be a big thing. Even where we are now, Telco, I think There's so much room. There's a huge opportunity if we could do a use case around call center optimization or call centers moving to AI. I just think we need, we come from a, the consulting place that we come from has a strapline, which is when it really matters, because if it doesn't really matter, you don't pay their rates.

26:10 - Cuan Mulligan They only get involved in real fucking problems. That clients will pay so you go into a client. You just say we'll take out 20 million of cost and we'll charge you 5 million They go sure Like you're saving me 20. Why wouldn't I give you five? It's a dumb dumb question. Yeah, and I'll pay you 50 million because you need to turn you need to save my company from going under and you've got three weeks Yeah, that's what they go in and they'll work 18 19 hour days. There's really a fire and they'll save the company and Yeah, it might mean hiring 50% of the people, but it means 50% the people retain their jobs, because if you don't do something, the company's gone. Yeah. So is it a bit of a bit of color about where we are? I mean, there's nothing sort of formal pitch or anything like that to you yet. It's just, this is something that we're, we're interested in. I think this is going to go gangbusters in terms of the market.

27:15 - Cuan Mulligan or gangbusters?

27:16 - Cuan Mulligan So gangbusters is a, I think it comes from, it's a war phrase. It just basically means going all out.

27:24 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

27:26 - Cuan Mulligan Gangbusters, I've actually, gangbusters meaning, where does it come from

27:34 - Cuan Mulligan Basically, it's a classified group of organized criminal gangs. Wow.

27:43 - Cuan Mulligan If something's going gangbusters, It's going strongly and doing very well.

27:51 - Cuan Mulligan So I think it's just like there is a purple patch of opportunity. And we seem to be pushing against an open door on terms of people saying, I want to know about AI. So we're doing that as a last leader, doing those one-hour talks and educating, give people something.

28:11 - Jorge Lewis Sorry?

28:12 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

28:14 - Cuan Mulligan Um, but the idea is that we would then sell in prototypes or teams or, or something. I, part of that is a sales tool to basically scare the shit out of people and going, you've got no idea what's coming. You really don't have a fucking clue. Um, there's a, there's a website. I don't know if you know about it called, um, real world, real news, no bullshit. And it's some pretty graphic videos. It's unfiltered. Like there was one during the week of this Russian soldier sort of beside a bush, heavily camouflaged. This drone just comes in and basically detonates a small bomb inside, like basically cuts in half. And it's like, this is all, you've now got the Boston Dynamic bots with guns on them. China just did a military exercise driven by drones, not people. And they're doing it at like, you know, fucking thousands and thousands of these things. They're just cranking them out. I mean, it's a really interesting problem. I was reading this morning that only 2% of people in the UK are really using AI actively on a day-to-day basis. Because I don't think they understand how to apply it. And I still think there's a huge risk is that when I get stuff from AI in a subject matter that I know, it's still not perfect. I have to refine it until I'm happy. Where if you didn't, if my wife did it, she'd be like, that looks okay. I'm like, yeah, because you don't know what good looks like, That's the problem. And so I think the, I was reading a really good article today and it says that refrigeration, when it came into America, AI is like refrigeration. Coca-Cola was the product. And because of refrigeration coca-cola grew massively because we could have a cold drink and that basically sales just went skyrocketing so AI is a huge capability it's what products can we build on top of Yeah, exactly. So what would you guys, I mean, obviously, how's your company structure at the moment? Is it just yourself and Jonas that own it?

30:49 - Jorge Lewis Yeah, currently it's Jonas and I as partners. One of our We're um...

32:19 - Cuan Mulligan It depends, right? Give me two seconds. I'm just trying to find something here. Where is it?

32:27 - Cuan Mulligan I'm just trying to, I'm gonna send you a book that you need to read. There we go.

32:39 - Cuan Mulligan Do you have a Kindle? Yeah. I'm gonna send you this book. I would, I would highly, I think you'd really enjoy this book. Have you ever heard of Richard Sheridan or Joy Incorporated?

32:58 - Unidentified Speaker Hmm.

32:59 - Jorge Lewis No.

33:00 - Cuan Mulligan So I know Richard, he's, uh, he's brilliant. Um, so he, he has a software engineering company, a more traditional software engineering company, um, in Ann Arbor in Michigan. Um, and like, he also added a tweet to say, eh, we're thinking about hiring some new people. People will spend their own money to fly there just to get interviewed by them. So there's a small company in London that we've been working with for years and they are Microsoft Azure specialists. They're the best in the world at it. They're about, when we started with them, they're about eight. There may be 20 people now. They really, really struggled to grow because they know generally a lot of the founders have all had a parent die or have had some medical intervention. So they're very much on work-life balance. They only take on problems that are really complex because they really enjoy fixing complex problems. So they're very selective about what they do, which is good. They've tried three forms of hiring. One, trying to find people like them, so seasoned people, 15 years experience. That's really rare because by the time that you've got very ingrained thoughts, you've got people who are on that journey And then you've got people who are raw talent with no experience. They're finding more success with the raw talent because they don't have any preconceived notions of, so you can't like, it's difficult to retrain somebody. So they're going down that route and that's how they're sort of scaling. And so, yeah, I mean, I would scale with grads and I would just do sort of pair programming with everybody.

34:45 - Jorge Lewis So they do exactly.

35:25 - Jorge Lewis and fundamentals. Yeah.

35:27 - Cuan Mulligan I mean, the way Richard, the way we've done it in the past is, um, the interview is 100% chemistry fit.

35:37 - Unidentified Speaker And then, yeah.

35:39 - Cuan Mulligan So it's just a personality. Is there a, cause listen, you can put two people in a room and they just chalk and cheese that it's not going to get on. And that's just the personalities don't work. You have created a particular vibe between you guys. You do not want someone to come in and poison that. That's the challenge. So that's the cultural chemistry for it. The capability for it is something that you can, you know, fuck someone talking about it, that doesn't work. So the best thing that we've done in the past is that we'll bring somebody in for a week and we'll pay them and say, just work with us for a week. Cause you can't, everyone can fake an interview for an hour. You can't fake work. You just can't. And they have to pair with, multiple people, and you get that feedback. And it's just like, you know, they'll do, you know, do they contribute? Do they not contribute? Do they take over? Do they dominate? And also very useful is pairing with, get two candidates to pair. Because in theory, they're vying for, in their head, they're vying for the same position. So when the pressure comes on, how do they actually behave? Because if they're pairing with Jonas, they're probably going to be showing off It is. And again, you know, one of the things that Richard does is there are plenty of people that they don't believe will be applicable for his company. But the fact that you're there, if they like you, they'll go and find a job for you in one of their clients. People feel very, very cared for. And I think how you manage that process says more about a company than anything else. I was actually speaking to one of our neighbors, and she worked for Deloitte, which is a big consultancy firm. And they had to fire most of their new grad intakes because they'd all lied and had used generative AI to get to the process. Which is fucking, that's more foolish on them. They should be like, that was their process. But that's why I think if someone's not willing to invest a week paid for, it'll filter them out. Yeah, that's a good point.

38:39 - Cuan Mulligan Maintaining so that's why I currently the one concern that I've had with when you say a thousand are you talking about revenue yeah what's your what's your limiting factor on the scale why do you tap out So for me, that's one of the protections. I think you take your problem and you make that an opportunity. So what I've spent the last eight years doing in consultancy is working with very senior partners and helping them figure out what product they need. And then I end up becoming them to the team, so I end up being their proxy. I don't think AI replaces that in the short term. Because they're incredibly time poor and they don't have time to tell somebody what to do. They need someone to interview them, observe them, take them out and go, okay, now I know exactly what you need. Is it this? Yeah, that sounds right. Okay. And then you represent them to the team. Now with that team behind me, is one person with an AI that makes them as effective as 10 people. I don't give a shit. I really don't care. I used to work for an agency called AKQA. So we did all of Coca-Cola's, the happiness campaign, Lynx deodorant, stuff like that. They did the original Xbox interface.

40:50 - Cuan Mulligan They, customers, companies buy what they see. They don't give a shit about technology. They just don't. It's necessary for the UX to feel the thing that's tangible to me is the only thing they give a shit about. They don't care about elasticity, uptime, downtime. They're just like, make it work. I don't care. I don't care who's doing it. So I agree with you. I think you, you in particular are probably a bottleneck in terms of working with clients, helping clients define what they want. So that when you're saying, hey, it's going to be X weeks or this amount of money, that you're not screwed by that, because that's the challenge there. Jonas needs to be focused on, actually, what are the patterns that we can create that are reusable so that we can... And again, for example, if you're going to do the fire suppression systems, You probably have no reusable code for that from what you have already. That's a completely innovative field. But there's two parts to it. It's one, what is the client asking for and understanding that. And then it's also dreaming for the client so that you can take their ambition and their vision way beyond what they're doing. It's another area that myself and Arif play in quite well. I love that part as well. So yes, I mean, I think you do have bottles, but I think that's the, you know, you're gonna have phases of growth where you'll reach that limit, that bottleneck and say, right, okay, better to have that problem where we're not able to bring in enough, we're bringing in too much demand. Okay, how do we scale? Scaling is a different problem from delivering software. And I think that's something that, yeah, I mean, you get a good recruitment company around you and you can hire people.

42:37 - Cuan Mulligan But that's the problem because it's a signal to noise ratio. There is a lot of shit out there.

43:10 - Cuan Mulligan My assumption is that interest rates have been really high so that shuts down the PE world and that's a huge influence on the market in terms of and business and stuff like that, because if people start hiring, people start wanting to present themselves for their own acquisition. It's quite cyclical in that regard. It's a bit of an ecology.

43:35 - Jorge Lewis How's the market doing in the UK? Is it the same as the US doing pretty bad?

43:43 - Cuan Mulligan I've never really had to find a job, ever. I've just always had a job. Up somebody, go to that job. I was a contractor for 17 years. I was never not in a contract and contracts could be three to 12 months somewhere there. Fair enough. I was willing to travel around Europe and around the world and that was fine.

44:10 - Cuan Mulligan Everybody I'm saying now is the market's really fucking tough. Really, really tough because people don't know what's around the corner. So people are very nervous. There's also an election here in July, that's going to change things. Interest rates are due to come down, so that will be a stimulus. But yeah, I think everyone's going, it's tough, it's a tough market. It is in traditional markets, but I think in particularly in AI, we seem to be pushing against a message that people want to hear. So yeah, we're just trying to figure out whether, you know, do you guys want to be our sort of execution arm and we form sort of a strategic partnership or it's not the path you guys want to go down and we'll go do it with somebody else.

45:51 - Cuan Mulligan Well, I mean, I hear that, and...

46:15 - Cuan Mulligan I mean, you know, the place that we're at now at the moment, I know some people who are suppliers to them and they, they have big dev shops that they work with us. They say that we're absolutely horrible to work for horrible because you just get constantly beaten up, constantly beaten up where when we were in Alex partners, we were very clear. We don't beat people up because we want to have a long-term relationship with them and we want to have a product and we know that product outcomes are not guaranteed. If you want to get something out, test it, iterate on it very quickly. That's the aim of the game. Now, luckily, we have stakeholders that didn't understand that. But trusted us that we were talking the right thing. So yeah, there are good clients and bad clients. I don't think that's true.

47:09 - Jorge Lewis I don't think it's nice.

47:11 - Cuan Mulligan I think it's just like, you've got to have, myself and Aaron have had this thing now where we've made a couple of really shit hires in the years. And both of us at one point felt uneasy in the interview process and didn't tell each other. And had we, we would have said no. So now we basically go, because we're going like, oh, I'm just being an asshole. I'm just a, and now we have a commitment saying, if something's uneasy, we talk about it always. Because if the other person might be doing it as well, we're going, OK, let's double down on that on the next interview and figure out what's making this uneasy. Or we just kill it straight away. And it's put us, I mean, and it feels silly sometimes. But I think you've got to have that sense check of, Is this a client? Is this a person I want to take on board? For me, my litmus test on interviews always is, would I work for them?

48:08 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

48:09 - Jorge Lewis Yeah. That's always the way to go. It's like, just switch the roles and you have a good answer.

48:17 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah. Because if you wouldn't work for somebody, don't hire them.

48:21 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

48:22 - Cuan Mulligan I need to jump off. I've got a call at 12.

48:28 - Cuan Mulligan But yeah, what's your process around thinking around this and then evolving this conversation?

49:19 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, that would certainly be our. First, preference, just because I think it's an established pattern and it's cleaner in terms of what it is. Obviously, depending on how you value it, how much money you think you'd want for what percentage. I don't think, just to be clear, I don't think we have any interest in having a controlling stake at all, but I think it's really important that you and Jonas retain all control. So even if you are giving up shares, you want to make sure that you retain a different brand as well.

50:01 - Jorge Lewis What do you think? I wouldn't see a need for that.

50:07 - Cuan Mulligan Obviously, as and when we collectively are building IP, then it goes into that company. Therefore, the equities is also part of the IP that we build and the clients that we build and the relationships we bring in. All of that matters. So having it as a single entity, for me, is the want to try to separate that?

50:45 - Cuan Mulligan What do you think?

50:47 - Cuan Mulligan That would be an immediate no for me in terms of that because you have two masters, you'd be pulling yourself in two different directions. I'd rather explore how, you know, there's a balance, right? I think you need to have two startups because it's innovation, it's pushing the market and potentially you can get, you know, one in ten becomes a Part of our role is to set the ambition of these larger corporates and to say, right, if you don't do X, you're going to get screwed. So it can be a very, you know, use case like actually I think going in and creating chatbots that can do customer service really well that's innovative like really so that one of the conversations I'm having is how do you create an AI boss that does customer service that also understands sentiment as when it might be starting to annoy the customer which you can then see Yeah and that's why I think it's really important that the standard you set is not about cranking out shit, it's about cranking out real business cases that actually shift the need of the market. Because like the clients, customers are incredibly price sensitive at the moment. So everything that they want is, if I'm going to spend a million with you, I need to be able to demonstrate a return on investment of two or three million. And so, I mean, generally the budgets that we tend to work on have been sort of, somewhere between 10 and 20 million a year to build products. So it's, you know, these are highly complex and innovative products for consultancies, really innovative. Like imagine, how do you process 1.5 billion rows of data and display insights in three seconds? Like, fuck that. How do you take a spend item that says, I spent 20,000 pounds and all you have is a company name? How do you classify that as spend? So we had to create website scrapers and then, well, all the websites just had COVID data. So that's not the company's essence. So there's some really, really interesting problems that are worth a huge amount to companies.

54:34 - Cuan Mulligan That's what I think.

54:34 - Cuan Mulligan I mean, we can, there's a lot of, so there's a, there's a, there's a couple ideas I have that I'm not going to share with you now that I think ideas or so when I was in alex partners we were um but well they did invest in the end uh in a company that promised something with ai and I was part of the team doing the due diligence and I was the only one calling bullshit on it and said it's emperor's clothing so do you know the emperor's clothing story no sir so it's a fable around this um emperor who was convinced by a charlatan that this, this, this clothes were so fine that you could barely see them or touch them. So he basically, there was no clothes. It was, it was a myth. And he basically, at the end, he's walking through the villages and everyone's like going, everyone had bought into the bullshit that he would, his clothes were so amazing, but he was basically this fat guy walking around the street naked and it took a child to go. But he's naked. And then suddenly everyone went, oh yeah, he is. So they had brought into that because he had power and influence, people were afraid to say what it is. And I basically called it out. I said, this is horseshit. They're not doing what they say they do. They've now taken it off their website. They don't talk about it anymore because it was a lie. But it was an amazing hook. And if they could do it, I think it would be amazing. And I think there is potential to do something in that space where if we could do it, it would be amazing if we could. I don't know if it's possible, but it could be done. And yeah, I think it would just be really good to talk in more detail. But again, I'd like to obviously have a formal relationship. I've actually just got the guy I met yesterday. He's just messaged me again to say he can do the introduction. I'd like to have this conversation a little bit more forward down so even if we're ironing out the details I can say to him that we're actually now sort of part of the company in some level of form and and that he can deal with me and because I can take I've got the next two months where I'm not super busy with my actual job before I leave so I can run But again, what does that mean? What's our rights? What can we do?

57:11 - Jorge Lewis So we can discuss that further down, right? But at least I am, I think Jonas is as well, in working with you guys, so. Okay, cool.

57:19 - Cuan Mulligan Well, listen, I need to jump. I'm a bit late for this call, but I'd like to try and if we can get to some sort of broad agreement by the end of this week, if possible.

57:39 - Cuan Mulligan invested in JP's company, we would be able to potentially loop him in as part of a deal in terms of running marketing and starting to promote.