Meet Meeting 
Sat, Jul 20, 2024

0:01 - Unidentified Speaker but it smells really bad. Okay. Right.

0:16 - Cuan Mulligan So, thing is, most people, right, are living their life eating, making loads of decisions that eventually their system sort of breaks.

0:46 - Cuan Mulligan And it's not like one cigarette doesn't harm you, but smoking for your life does.

0:56 - Cuan Mulligan We also know, for example, when you hit 75, wherever you are on your muscle mass, nature falls that off a cliff.

1:16 - Cuan Mulligan You can't stop that. But what you can do is choose what level of muscle you have on your body when you are 75. As men, Most men in the world retire at 66.

1:39 - Cuan Mulligan What do you think the age is that they die or have a serious medical event that changes their ability to enjoy life?

1:52 - Jonas Lindberg Personally, I've always heard the figure like 80.

1:55 - Cuan Mulligan The data for America says 70.

2:01 - Cuan Mulligan Wow.

2:02 - Cuan Mulligan So we, we get, we get four years after breaking our balls for 45, 50 years working. Um, but you can change that. Um, the other thing is most people as women, how long do women tend to live after their husbands? Most, most men die way before their wives.

2:30 - Jonas Lindberg I don't know.

2:32 - Cuan Mulligan So women tend to live 15 years longer than men.

2:41 - Cuan Mulligan And if you go to a lot of places, certainly in Northern Europe, um, there's a lot of old women. There isn't a lot of old men, just, just the way, the way it is. That's not true in Japan and stuff like that, but in Europe that is. There's a lot of stuff contributing to all of this, which is people's sort of lack of exercise. The food we eat is probably the two biggest ones.

3:17 - Cuan Mulligan But there's lots of stuff that we can do. And what we're trying to do with the whole purpose of ADAPT is to start people changing their habits so they get that red line. And in theory, they're going to get healthier. So do you guys know the concept of a pension?

3:46 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah. Financially?

3:48 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah. A financial pension.

3:50 - Will Vincent Parrone Yeah. Basically you give money to an entity so that once you retire, you get an allowance, right?

3:59 - Cuan Mulligan A hundred percent. And the younger you start, the better it is for you because it's compound interest over time. I really wish I paid attention more to that when I was younger, but, um, you don't realize that when you're young, you only realize it when you're old. Um, and it's the same for health. So the whole principle of adapt is it's a health pension.

4:27 - Cuan Mulligan People don't realize that once you retire, whenever that retirement event is, 66, whatever it is, but you just have age. So you have your 50s, you have your 60s, you have your 70s, you have your 80s.

4:45 - Cuan Mulligan There's stuff that we need to do all the way here because nature will start withdrawing for you. Your lifestyle will start withdrawing for you as you get older. So while we retire and we have a set age financially, let's say we retire at 65 or 66, the health pension is all the time. So nature is withdrawing from you. And you're accelerating that withdrawal if you have a shit lifestyle and eating shit food and not exercising. And so we sort of have refined the ADAPT message a little bit over the last week. We were speaking to an investor last week and he gave us some feedback and it's made us really think about like, what are we? So we're definitely not a weight loss program, even though you would lose weight. I mean, Interestingly, just looking at the call here, nobody on this call needs to lose weight. Everyone's pretty healthy, which is good.

5:53 - Cuan Mulligan So I just want to pause there. Does that sort of make sense that the whole purpose of ADAPT, and it's this concept of paying into a health pension, and that's what we're trying to help people do?

6:01 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, absolutely for me. Anyone else that's confused on that theme?

6:13 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

6:18 - Cuan Mulligan Originally, what we had planned was, we had planned this course 10 to reinforce, to predominantly What are you eating, moving, sleep, mind? So there's four areas that you need to do stuff in, in order to, you know, start changing your life.

6:59 - Cuan Mulligan And one of the challenges is that, so I signed up before I started ADAPT, I signed up with this guy who helps people reverse something what's called pre-diabetes. Um, and, I had basically achieved in a month what most people take a year to do with him, just because I made a decision and I stuck to it. Most people don't have that diligence. They will do a bit and they do it for a day and I'm like, oh, whatever. So his program's not been very much useful to me because I've done everything. He just says, do this and I've done it. And I don't deviate from that where most people would. So originally where we said, right, eat, move, sleep, mind, And our original market we were going to go after was weight loss, but not being a weight loss program. A lot of weight loss programs, what the data says is that if you're this weight here and you come down to this weight here within a year, 95% of the people will have put on the same weight or more within a year.

8:11 - Cuan Mulligan And the reason is, is that when the goal is weight loss, and you've achieved it, the goal isn't maintenance, it's very tough. So actually what the goal should be is to walk every day, because that never finishes. The goal should be to don't eat seed oils, don't eat processed foods. Those goals will be ever present. And the idea is that we want to slice these habits into way smaller than we've currently been talking to you about. Into these micro habits really really small achievable things Now new problem over my head. What if someone's doing 40 40 habits? We can't do 40 check-ins a day That's gonna fucking piss people off. So I don't have an answer to that by the way Let me to have a think about how the hell we fix that problem. I don't know what it is so The original idea was that we had an LMS That would you would have content allocations to each day of each week, and it's drip fed out, right? So you would have something around eat, move, mind, sleep, and I'll take you through what we think a day looks like,

9:29 - Cuan Mulligan So rather than, and I don't have a full answer for this yet, I'm still percolating on it, still trying to figure out the answer.

9:40 - Cuan Mulligan We need to figure out a way of for each of these, what are the habits that each of these guys have?

10:00 - Cuan Mulligan There may not be the same number in each of them. And I might choose to do different ones to Jonas or Will. We may not all have the same path. The problem with the LMS approach was it was the same path. We're not going to stop the LMS, by the way. I'm just trying to figure out how to reimagine it, what it actually means. I just don't have an answer for it yet. But the idea is that there are some people who are going to move fast and some people who are going to move slow. How do we accommodate both of them? There are some people who are just going to take a habit, do it, take a habit, do it, take a habit, do it. Others are not. And we've got to accommodate both of those worlds. And I don't know how to do that yet. I haven't come up with an answer.

10:44 - Cuan Mulligan But fundamentally, the idea is, like a pension, every time you do positive habits, you're paying in. Every time you do something bad, you're taking out. So yesterday, for example, I went to the cinema with my wife, and I had some shit food. I don't do it very often. I do it very rarely. But I had some yesterday so that would be a negative thing but I also did positive things so it was it was overarching a positive day but not as positive as other days. How the hell do we quantify that? Now the challenge with all of this is and I'm we're going to try and maybe speak to a university to try and get someone to help us build a model of is there like a um Do you have something? Do you know flower shops? There's an international flower trade called Interflora.

11:42 - Cuan Mulligan So if you want to buy somebody flowers in another country, there's a network called Interflora that allows one florist in one country to speak to another country. This is before the internet, right? Now, all those companies, all florists in the world use a currency called florins. Which basically calibrates them and it protects them from currency fluctuations. So it means if a rose is four florins, it's four florins across the world, it just costs locally a different amount to buy the four florins. It stops trading and currency fluctuations from impacting small businesses basically. So in that same way is like, what is the value of walking for a mile? Or five miles versus having a glass of wine or having a cigarette or not doing something today.

12:41 - Cuan Mulligan What's the value of doing that if you have prediabetes or you're diabetic or you've got heart disease? So the thing is that if each of us here have the same diet, we will all respond differently because our bodies are unique. And there is no, I mean, there's some universal truth like don't smoke, but beyond that, it's very nuanced to the individual in terms of what is truly healthy. Will, you look confused.

13:17 - Will Vincent Parrone No, I understand what you're saying. It's just that I'm thinking of it from a technical perspective and I'm, yeah, I'm a bit wondering how the hell can we do that?

13:28 - Cuan Mulligan Exactly. That's exactly where I'm at as well. I don't believe it's technical. I think this is mathematical at the moment because we have to come up with some form of a weighted model. For example, there's a bullshit. I don't know if you've ever heard of what's called the BMI, which is your body mass index. It's horseshit because most rugby players would be considered obese by the manufacturer. But for the average person, it's sort of indicative. It's sort of okay. So what we need to be, and this is the challenge, we need to be roughly right rather than precisely wrong. So we're going to have a subjective point of view on this, and we're going to have to try and get some independent body to create the weighting or the maths model around this, that a glass of wine is a unit and whatever that unit happens to be. And then if you do walks, that equates to some other unit. So there will be some, some sort of handshake, I don't know what it is yet. Yeah, Jonas?

14:36 - Jonas Lindberg From that to me, I'd be a bit afraid of users like excusing a cup of wine or like indulging in bad habits because they do something else. If that makes sense, they create bad habits because they excuse it with like, oh, it's only this amount of points or whatever.

14:52 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah.

14:55 - Cuan Mulligan That is, Well, I mean, that's sort of what I rationalized yesterday, isn't it?

15:01 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah.

15:02 - Jonas Lindberg But that's a one-time thing, what you did. But if someone starts a habit, starts a small bad thing every day because they're doing this bad walking routine, that's so much better. This isn't a commentary on the implementation or anything. I'm just wondering what you think about it.

15:21 - Cuan Mulligan I think it's a risk. I think it's also...

15:28 - Cuan Mulligan At the end of the day, people can lie about what they're doing as well.

15:33 - Cuan Mulligan This is, for want of a better basis, this is a game. This is not medical advice. This is supposed to help you. And yeah, we're going to have to go and get some legal advice in terms of how are we exposing ourselves legally by even suggesting some of these things to people. But we'll figure that out over time. But yes, the idea is that What people don't realize is that the majority of their diets are actually desserts. It's all basically carbs and sugar. And then they have one thing at the end of the day called dessert. It's like, no, no, no. Every single meal you've had is a dessert. And so there's a huge re-education piece to help people, you know, right the shit. So if I was to look at this sort of technically now for a moment, and I'll share my screen.

16:32 - Cuan Mulligan Okay, so we have, I'm just trying to figure out, where is it?

16:42 - Cuan Mulligan Nope.

16:47 - Cuan Mulligan Sorry, I've got a load of old stuff here. I'm just wanna make sure I don't wanna bother. I don't think you need to see that.

17:00 - Cuan Mulligan Right, okay, right, okay.

17:30 - Cuan Mulligan So I'm just going to write some stuff out here.

18:17 - Cuan Mulligan Sorry, I'll be with you in two seconds, guys.

18:52 - Cuan Mulligan Let me know when you can see that. Can you see this?

19:04 - Jonas Lindberg Can you guys see it, yeah?

19:06 - Cuan Mulligan Yep, I can see it. Sorry, it wasn't me.

19:09 - Cuan Mulligan So it starts with awareness. So this could be social media campaign, paid for advertising, whatever it is. Someone becomes aware that Adapt exists. They will then sign up where we would capture an email on a newsletter. So this already exists today. What doesn't exist is the ability for them to then register. And register is just payment.

19:33 - Cuan Mulligan We would then start agent onboarding. So we want the agent to onboard them rather than filling in forms and stuff like that. We wanted to educate them that there is an agent that's capable of doing these things and owns a relationship. An agent onboarding has the sense of profile field. So do you drink coffee? What's your date of birth? Blah, blah, blah. Whatever fields we find important. And then there's the first sort of coaching session. It's about clarifying your why and your goals. So when things get tough and people find this difficult, it's going to be the why they're doing this is going to help them stay motivated and stay on course.

20:23 - Cuan Mulligan So this is the fuel that keeps them applying healthier habits as opposed to The goal is what they're achieving. So a lot of people will say, I want to lose weight. They think that's the goal. We will shift their mindset to say that losing weight is a measure. The goal is to stick to healthy habits. That's, what's got to be the goal.

20:45 - Cuan Mulligan And the why is going to be there. Why supportive with some education around the, like a lot of what I said at the start there about what happens in the future, like when you're older and that this healthy pension stuff. So that's, what's that going to be. So. We would then explain why this is important. So that's similar to the IntelliAgent contact setting. That's all that is. So I can change that now. So that's context setting.

21:16 - Cuan Mulligan Explain.

21:23 - Cuan Mulligan Now, if we say to them, what are your goals? They might have something measurable, tangible, like I want to lose weight. I want to fit into this dress size. It's very clear. We need to, we need to iterate on that with them as coaches to get very, very clear on what that goal is. And it has smart attributes. Have you ever heard of smart goals?

21:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

21:46 - Cuan Mulligan So it's just a measurable, specific, measurable, achievable, realistic, and timely. So they're just qualities of what a goal is. Um, And the idea is that we would shift them that their goal is most likely a measure of success as opposed to the goal.

22:06 - Cuan Mulligan So if it's weight loss, the weight loss is your measure of success. It's not the goal. The goal is the habits every day. And then we go establishing the why, lock it in deep. This is going deep onto their emotions, what they want to feel. So Chinmay, we talked about this when we worked through the session with you. So that sort of helped you understand this. And then we're trying to figure out whether we do this bit. We don't know whether we start talking about the obstacles and what's going to get in their way of doing this. We're not 100% sure, but I think we will. I'm going to leave it orange for now. Now, if someone doesn't have any goals, We need to help them. The yellows are coaching sessions, by the way. We need to help establishing their goals. This is the legacy concept of a goal, like losing weight. It'll be something tangible, which we will then turn that into their measure of success. If they have lots of goals, we'll need to prioritize them and pick out one, because having too many doesn't make sense. And so it could be, you know, Sleep time, I want to sleep eight hours a day. It could be my timetable, gym. There's different sessions. So that will be the end of the onboarding. And then the idea is that on a, and this is actually, I don't know if I'm going to show this section because, and the reason I want to pause for a second and I welcomed the conversation now. Hello puppy. My dog's just come in to say hello. Hello. You okay?

23:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

23:47 - Jonas Lindberg What was its name?

23:49 - Cuan Mulligan Shelby. Come here, baby. Come on. Shelby.

23:51 - Cuan Mulligan Come on.

23:51 - Unidentified Speaker Up.

23:52 - Cuan Mulligan Come on up. I know you're tired. Come on up. Up. Say hello. Come on. There we go.

23:58 - Unidentified Speaker Hi.

23:59 - Cuan Mulligan He was...

24:01 - Unidentified Speaker No.

24:02 - Cuan Mulligan You're going back there. You're sleepy. Yeah, I'm still sleepy. She's only just woken up. She wants me to take her for a walk.

24:13 - Cuan Mulligan So the reason why I paused those mobile screens there was that that was sort of predicated on a known daily content being sent to you by an agent because you're doing a 10-week program and what happens on every day is the same regardless of the person.

24:38 - Cuan Mulligan I'm not saying we don't do that, by the way, but I don't want to presume that's what we do. I think I want to have a week to play with my head and figure out what we're actually going to do. Because the principle now is across eat, move, mind, and sleep, there's going to be a load of micro habits Like one habit might be, if you can't pronounce it, don't eat it.

25:12 - Cuan Mulligan If it's got an ingredient you can't pronounce, don't eat it.

25:16 - Cuan Mulligan If you didn't make it, don't eat it. If your grandmother wouldn't have made it, don't eat it. So they're not really habits that you do every day. They're sort of guiding principles, which are sort of habits. But this is my point. I could be very concerned that very quickly, if you're tracking these every day, Like imagine if you make a thousand pounds contribution to your pension, you don't ask, did you put that pound in? Did you put that pound in? Did you put that? You don't, you don't ask a thousand times. You just say, well, it's a thousand pounds. You did all of it. So it's going to be a lot easier from a financial point of view. I don't know how we're going to do it for this. Cause this only really happened in the last three or four days, this sort of clarification of, of habits and stacking. So, um, The idea will be, is there still going to be content to help you when you take on a new habit? It will unlock some content. And whether we go, it's always incremental habits. And maybe once a week, there's a check-in. You have a habit dashboard. Are you doing all of these? Are you not doing all of these? Don't know. Because again, we don't want it to be overwhelming for people.

26:37 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah. I used to have a weight tracking app a year ago or two when I was doing a diet. That weight loss app, no, a weight tracker app had a pretty similar feature where it had like three tabs at the bottom, it was just BMI, which I didn't care about, the tracker, where I just entered every day and it gave me a graph, and a habit section, which is pretty similar to what you're describing. It was focused on establishing good small habits, but it didn't really, it was very simple. It had just a grid layout of just don't leave before you sleep, run 10 minutes a day and such. When you activated one of them, it just gave you like a checkbox for each day in the month. And you just, whenever you opened the app on a day, since I tracked every day in the morning, it also gave me the checkbox. Did you do this today? I just clicked, but it didn't work well for me.

27:40 - Cuan Mulligan It didn't really help. So why, why, why did you think it doesn't help?

27:48 - Jonas Lindberg There was no real pull through. It was kind of just a checkbox each day. There was nothing to consult about. It was just don't eat before bed. And that's a decision I can make independently of clicking the checkbox each day, if that makes sense.

28:04 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah.

28:05 - Jonas Lindberg It's more if I didn't do it, then I'd want to go in and say, hey, I didn't do it. But I'm not sure. That's something a heart is told.

28:16 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, well, I've not heard that word, parasocial.

28:22 - Will Vincent Parrone Sorry?

28:23 - Cuan Mulligan You asked a question there and I don't understand the question. Sorry. I don't know what a parasocial relationship is.

28:28 - Will Vincent Parrone Oh, okay. Basically, it's a common term in streaming culture wherein you develop a social relationship with an entity that doesn't really Oh yeah, basically you develop a relationship with an entity. So what I was thinking about is maybe instead of like a weekly tracker or whatnot, we turn the AI trainer into a friend or a consultant type.

29:00 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I mean, there's a whole business around AI girlfriends. So I think people forming relationships with entities, I don't think that's the issue. But one of the things I've just realized, There's two main work streams here.

29:16 - Cuan Mulligan One is the habits and what we're doing there. The reality is that people, one of our assumptions is, people will be given information and totally believe that if I do this thing, it's good for me. And yet I will do this thing.

29:37 - Cuan Mulligan Now, at some point, that behavior becomes a problem. I know this is good for me, but yet I do this. When you're 20, doesn't really fucking matter because you've got so much time in your body so fast, it's able to get over all this stuff, but at a point it becomes a problem. And so people have, this is the second part of the coaching. And the most important part of the coaching is helping people understand why are they doing this bad behavior? Because it's serving them at some level. Maybe it reminds them of something, defiance against their father, or I don't know, there's all of this deep rooted stuff that we're not aware of But until you get connected to that and you let go of it, you can't do the new behavior.

30:20 - Cuan Mulligan So I got that medical advice that if I didn't change what I was doing, I was probably gonna have a heart episode and probably die within five years. So I was highly motivated to do that. But I've noticed probably in the last month, I have let go the very rigorous approach that I was doing. So I'm in more of a maintenance mode now. And I think it's important that we understand that when we do things that are not helpful to us, why do we not do that? And there is this framework around the immunity to change, which is a video that we shared previously. It's a framework of these five steps and going. It's helping people do that. So we are having this assumption that coaching people will actually help them understand their bad behavior so they can start doing the good behavior.

31:18 - Cuan Mulligan So do you get that? So there's the one part is content. Here are good habits to do and tracking them. However, we decide to do that. The most important part is People probably won't do the good things for them, and helping them understand why, and through coaching, unlocking that, using specifically the immunity to change framework.

31:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

31:48 - Cuan Mulligan HMI.

31:53 - Chinmay Pandya Hi, so what I was thinking was you know for like there's no way to you know measure each and everything like with the pension formula that you mentioned there's no way to measure things like statically like everything has to be dynamic and we cannot define like we cannot have predefined measures like what a glass of wine could be like you said it could be Non-harmful for somebody, but it could be harmful for somebody. So a solution is that we have, I, what I think is at the end of each week, uh, like the data is calculated every day, right? The data is fetched. The data is collected and stored in the database every day. And using the data of six days or six and a half days at the tech on the seventh day, there needs to be a behavioral analysis. Of which habits did the user like, is he trying to put in those habits? Is he trying to make efforts or is he failing to do so?

33:03 - Cuan Mulligan So I don't disagree with you. However, if I look at this as a, as a company, right. And I'm going to go to somebody and say, Hey, give us a million quid. Because we want to go really big, and we want to go do marketing, and blah, blah, whatever. The thing that's most unique here is the ability to coach somebody.

33:36 - Cuan Mulligan Because otherwise, you're just pushing content in a different type of window, and we've got some form of a model that gives you a nice indicator or something. Loads of people are going, did you do that? Did you do that? Reminders, Apple's got reminders, you know, stuff like that.

33:52 - Unidentified Speaker So.

33:55 - Cuan Mulligan What I'm most interested in is can we create a bot that actually coaches like really coaches you?

34:03 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah. I mean, uh, that's what I was pointing out because for each individual user, if you want to coach him the way he is or she is, you need data on the user. So if we have. Data on the user's activities. Let's say we have a week's data for the user's activities. You can Analyze the user's behavior. You can create a behavior analysis You can match that with the onboarding data what the user's goal were what psychology psychological reasons were for why he wants to You know why he wants to make progress why he signed up for this Course and you can also I think what something external from the technical point of view, which we need is. Uh, like data from research from habit, like there's research on people's habits, like there's, uh, research from psychologists, the research research data from therapists. I think that's what we need, uh, at, and I think that would be too.

35:16 - Chinmay Pandya too much computation if we do it every day. That's why I proposed every week.

35:20 - Cuan Mulligan So, so I think what you're speaking to is what I agree with is the, like at some point the system needs to observe that someone's not doing good things. And then you'd say, Hey, listen, we need to have a coaching session. It's probably going to be an hour. So when can we schedule that? And then we, we, we have all of the context of what they've been doing in order to run that session.

35:48 - Cuan Mulligan That's aspect one. The innate ability to do the coaching is what I'm talking about, regardless of when you schedule it or stuff like that. The actual ability, if you look at Thrive AI, the one I sent, it's just very rubbish.

36:04 - Cuan Mulligan It's over the top, just asking questions. It's not trying to do you there. So it's like, can we do the onboarding where we help you take your goals, become measures of success, That's a coaching session or there's an immunity to change coaching session. I think they would be the two first coaching sessions.

36:23 - Jonas Lindberg We should look at Sorry jones Uh, yeah, I was uh thinking about like the business perspective you mentioned how to present it as a bot which you can show to investors show to whoever as like here's an ai coach that can really coach and From my perspective what I think there is we should minimize the amount of time it takes before you experience coaching if that makes sense like if I have to use the app for a whole week before I can experience it's coaching me that's there's just a lot of Unvariable or variability there that can cause it to go wrong and cause many to like to lose focus so maybe Remember as part of the onboarding,

37:11 - Cuan Mulligan you're going to have your first coaching session, which is establishing your goals and your measures and your why. So all that stuff of scheduling, it's a really important point, but unless we've actually got a really good coach, we don't have a product.

37:27 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, so I was thinking for this first iteration of Adapts, probably focusing on day one and getting day one really functional to the point that if you're presenting it to someone, they can go in and use the app on day one and have a really good experience. What does day one mean? Just you install the app, and that's day one, the day one usage of the app.

37:52 - Cuan Mulligan Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's the whole point. We start with onboarding. And if we can onboard people and get that, that, that's why we've demonstrated that core capability of coaching. Um, but there's no, there's no marketable product there. That's not the scope of phase one.

38:11 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah.

38:13 - Chinmay Pandya So, uh, what I meant by weekly, uh, analysis is the coaching can happen every day. But what I meant by weekly analysis is because let's say you were mentored by the agent for a week. And then at the end of the week, there's a notification, a message from the coach, the same message that you said, hey, I've analyzed your behavior. It seems like you're not incorporating a lot of habits or you're not following my guidelines. Let's talk about it. And so when the user opens the app, what will happen is it will try to understand why is it not happening. I think there, the first thing or one of the many things that it can do is ask questions. Is there any particular reason why you were not able to do so? You're now in a coaching session.

39:12 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, yeah.

39:15 - Chinmay Pandya So it's not just a coaching session. It's like an analysis session of the challenges that the user face.

39:22 - Cuan Mulligan That is a coaching session.

39:25 - Chinmay Pandya Oh, yes. But it also involves the data from the researchers and the books on habits. And what it leads to. So it can also, that's just the analysis part. What I meant is trading. Like I mean, telling you that if you keep, uh, keep on doing this, your life expense expectancy or your lifespan is going to decrease.

39:55 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

39:55 - Cuan Mulligan I mean, that's just the knowledge, the knowledge that the coach has, everything you're saying is right by the way. I just, just want to, I don't think, I think we need to be careful about The language we use, because everything you said there is a coaching session. They're just different aspects. One of them is the history of the customer. The other one is the knowledge of the, of the coaching agent to deliver coaching skills. And then there's the third one, which you talked about, which is the impact. Like, so what if I don't do this? Like you can, like a life coach can just go ask questions. And if you say something, they're not going to go, Hey, if you continue to do this, you're not going to achieve this outcome. So that's a bit that we would want to be adding in based on their goals. Sorry, Will.

40:40 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah.

40:42 - Cuan Mulligan You're on mute.

40:45 - Will Vincent Parrone Yeah, sorry. So basically, one of our core questions right now is whether we can create a great coach, right, with their product. Do I get it right, Cuan?

40:59 - Cuan Mulligan Say that again?

41:02 - Will Vincent Parrone Basically, one of our core questions with our Phase whether we are able to provide a great coaching session, right?

41:11 - Unidentified Speaker Correct.

41:13 - Will Vincent Parrone Okay. So I would like to ask, and this is probably from someone who's not fit enough, what makes a great coaching session to begin with and how maybe we can start quantifying by that. Is it related to what we've discussed earlier with the murals related to the sleep, to the eating habits? Exercise and whatnot.

41:35 - Cuan Mulligan Yes, just give me two seconds. I'll come back in a sec. Sorry.

41:56 - Chinmay Pandya I think one of the main goals for our coach agent is, you know, to be able to make the user realize his mistakes or realize the need to, you know, that you have to, you have to incorporate these habits

42:13 - Chinmay Pandya and not just, uh, like asking questions, but based on the questions asked and based on the data collected, like we need to hold the user accountable for why he's not doing this. And as a, because, uh, like if you tell a friend that you have started smoking and they're not going to support you, they'll scold you or they'll make you realize why you should not continue.

42:45 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

42:47 - Will Vincent Parrone Yeah, I actually agree, but like there's plenty of resistance from that. Oh, nevermind. I'll message it.

42:59 - Cuan Mulligan So that's a really, really great question. And that question is an example of a powerful question, which is what makes a coaching session good. A coaching session is just making sure, well, It's the question that gets asked that's called a powerful question that gives the customer some level of awakening or awareness of something new.

43:25 - Cuan Mulligan Where you go, fuck, didn't realize that.

43:31 - Cuan Mulligan Now, there's a degree of when you ever start a life coaching session with people, you have something what's called a chemistry session. Because sometimes we've all experienced this, right? You can just get on a phone call with somebody And there's an instant sort of like, oh, I really like that person. There's a good energy connection. And other people, you're just like going, no fucking way. There's nothing wrong with anybody. It's just the chemistry doesn't work. Now, with an AI, that's somewhat difficult. But one of the issues at the moment with AI is it's overly happy and cheery all the fucking time. Like, it's not authentic. It's not real. It doesn't have a personality, like a proper personality. Like, I was, somebody was, I don't know if you've seen this. I'll show it to you. Did you know that all the LLMs have an inability to understand the word strawberry?

44:30 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah.

44:32 - Cuan Mulligan So if you ask an LLM, how many letter R's are there in the word strawberry, it says two. I think Gemini has now corrected itself, but there's three.

44:43 - Cuan Mulligan And when you tell it, no, no, go through it, and it'll go S-T, and it goes, yeah, there's two. You just counted three, but there's two. And then eventually, you can correct it. But the issue is, it doesn't have an opinion. And this is one of the challenges, right? We have to bring some level of sentiment analysis into this so that the client, the bot knows whether it said something wrong and can then take corresponding action, or it said something right and go deeper.

45:21 - Cuan Mulligan It has to sense, like it has to have some sense of where the conversation needs to go. And that's why it's, by having an agenda, where if you look at the onboarding, the agenda is to get clear on your goals, convert them to measures of success. Sam, where are you for a second?

45:45 - Cuan Mulligan I was going to ask my wife that question.

45:48 - Cuan Mulligan The guys are here.

45:52 - Cuan Mulligan For you, what makes a good coaching session?

45:58 - Cuan Mulligan I mean, it sounds silly, adding value, but how do you add value? It's- Who owns the value? Well, one is in the type of questions the coach asks, that they are, that they help someone uncover something they didn't know, they raise awareness, and they also hold that person accountable to make that change. That's pretty much what I said, which is good. Okay, cool. Cool.

46:27 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, so I think we're broadly aligned. It is about that.

46:31 - Jonas Lindberg So to reiterate, asking powerful questions to raise awareness and then holding them accountable in that.

46:44 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah. I mean, everything we're doing about asking, did you do this? Did you do that? That's accountability.

46:49 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

46:50 - Cuan Mulligan So we already have that capability. The, the, the questions at the moment, I mean, there's, there's check-in questions. Did you do this thing? Or someone's practically said, they've done that thing. We're doing that. This is more going back to, I think Chinmay's point of view, when they haven't been doing something for a point of time, or they're not engaging with the app, we would then need to do some level of an intervention through a coaching session, which is like, okay.

47:21 - Cuan Mulligan you know, there would be a topic, there would be an agenda item for a coaching session. It's like, I'm really struggling to get to the gym. Okay. Let's talk about that. Why is that? I'm really struggling. I found it really easy to give up this thing, but I'm finding it really difficult to give up that thing. I wonder why that is. Let's have a session on it. So generally a coaching session will have a topic. In, in, in life coaching, when we have clients, obviously we haven't spoken to the client in two weeks, so we don't know what they're going to talk about. We would have some initial catch up on how things have been going, but we would know that because they're using the app. And then we would say, well, what do you want to talk about today? What's the most important thing for you?

48:04 - Cuan Mulligan You know, I've worked with clients in the past who, who unfortunately they're one of their children had passed away. So. That was a multi-month conversation. That was always the agenda. It was how could they process that, and how could they be with that?

48:23 - Cuan Mulligan But specifically, this is around habits. And I think we do need to figure out what a good coaching session is for this onboarding session, because I think it's quite a discrete scope. And if we can demonstrate that, then I think we'll have built some good capability.

48:37 - Cuan Mulligan Well, I'm hoping you were kissing a person there. No, no, I'm sorry.

48:41 - Cuan Mulligan Keep going. Cool. So hopefully that's sort of

49:04 - Cuan Mulligan I feel I've not given you as many answers as I gave you on IntelliAgent, because I think IntelliAgent is way more defined and easier. But hopefully, I think if we can lock the scope down to this, just for the point of understanding, to being that onboarding coaching session, that basically is the same as IntelliAgent. They are one and the same thing. And then all the other stuff around the LMS and the habits and the pension and the modeling, I'm just going to have to build on that over the next couple of days and weeks.

49:36 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

49:42 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, to get a line there, what I think, from what you just said, I think we're aligned there. But from what I think, I think the first scope for what we focus on designing and creating should be that onboarding day, the whole onboarding session plus the year-wide coaching session and the day going on, yeah, that day basically.

50:09 - Jonas Lindberg Because that is really what proves the app moving forward, if that makes sense.

50:16 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah, I mean, I think that's just what I said. That's not a marketable product.

50:23 - Unidentified Speaker Absolutely.

50:24 - Cuan Mulligan For IntelliAgent it is, but for us it's not.

50:30 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, I think one thing I thought about after our previous meeting was how we could combine the UI workshop and the brand purpose workshop. And I think It's a kind of reverse, where the IntelliAgent workshop of URY basically encompasses all of ADAPT instead of the opposite. So the brand purpose workshop has everything that ADAPT will need, with some extras, like double checking the markets and such, that could just be removed. So I think the best way to move forward there is doing the brand purpose workshop in IntelliAgent, and then just shifting it over to ADAPT after that one's done.

51:16 - Cuan Mulligan Uh, I think, okay. I don't know.

51:19 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, you can think about it. You send me like a picture or something.

51:24 - Cuan Mulligan Cause I, I need, I need to understand more what that means.

51:28 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, sure. I'll create a mural after this meeting. If that's okay. Also learn the program.

51:36 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

51:37 - Cuan Mulligan Hey Jimmy.

51:40 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah. So what I wanted to ask was, uh, From the perspective of making the model or the coach more accurate, we are using data like for habits and for sleeping habits, for eating habits. But one more type of the data which I think we need would be the data of coaching sessions. Like the actual coaching sessions turned into scripts. And then we would need those scripts, like so many scripts. And then I think we need to do a little bit of fine tuning for the coach.

52:22 - Cuan Mulligan The whole principle of this has been that we will you need to give us the raw capability of having a workshop with some outcomes and having some sort of innate ability to get curious about asking questions. We will then run that workshop multiple times and doing the reinforcement learning on it, saying good response, bad response, do this instead, do that instead. And we will do that. There isn't going to be actual human life coaching sessions that we're going to give you the script because that's not real. The real is an AI to human and that's what we need to get really good.

53:06 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, I mean, I get you. But what I meant was in order for the coach to act a certain way. Because what happens is when you create an LLM and you can give it prompts, you can give it examples, you can give it data sources. But it will always act on the basis of how it was trained. So it will always respond in the way that the OpenAI RLM was trained.

53:45 - Chinmay Pandya And it can incorporate a certain, you know, good examples, bad examples, but when you say that this was a bad response or when you say that this was a good response, what it does is it just, it will just try to reframe its responses. It will not improve its behavior in terms of it needs to be more curious. It needs to be more...

54:10 - Cuan Mulligan You're talking about, if I say that it's not going to improve its capabilities.

54:15 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, it's not going to improve its coaching capabilities. It's just going to improve how it's framing its sentences. So to improve its coaching ability, I need predefined coaching session scripts. And I need to train the model on that.

54:33 - Cuan Mulligan So that will create a base. We don't have those, because they'd all be proprietary, and they'd all be human to human, and they'd all be highly confidential. So we wouldn't be able to. They don't exist.

54:44 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, no, just any, like not real. We can also create, like how you and me had a session. But there needs to be some dummy examples for how the coach needs to behave.

54:58 - Cuan Mulligan I, so this is, this is a, this is interesting and I agree with you, but I think this potentially is the problem, right? Because I mean, we could probably get books on what it means to be a good life coach or what a good coach is. We could certainly do that with that. Will that help train the agent in terms of what it means to be a coach?

55:21 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, that can help in terms of, you know, we can fine tune the model based on the book, but the model, apart from the fine tuning, it needs examples, like live examples, like you can see the model.

55:37 - Cuan Mulligan But how can we, how can we, how can we use the model to create the text, the examples that we then correct the examples and those corrected examples then go back in.

55:51 - Cuan Mulligan Cause like, so let's say me and you have a coaching session, right. And we deem that to be good. And we have that text. There's a person I am coach personally and coach. Yeah. How is that any different to the agent coaching me? And I have a long session with them and I go in and I correct it. I now have personally and coach like, what is the difference between those two things?

56:18 - Chinmay Pandya So I'll be very descriptive now. Let's say you ask me a certain question. I'm an AI. I answer you. When you go into the admin panel and you mark it as a bad response, what the LLM gets is that the sentence framing is bad. But let's say you wanted it to behave in four ways. It only behaved in two ways. So because it did not behave the way you wanted it to behave, you cannot give any review that, oh, you should have behaved this way, you should have behaved this way. What you can only do is choose a response and mark it whether it is a good or bad response. Let's say I'm a coach, an AI coach. Let's say the way you're curious is, you ask me four questions, but the AI only asks two questions. So the good response, bad response capability is that you can choose those two responses and tell the bot whether this was a good sentence framing or you know, you can only manipulate the responses which the agent gave. But you also wanted the agent to behave in more ways which it already does. Do you get me? You wanted to incorporate more abilities than it already has.

57:50 - Chinmay Pandya So let's say you want the agent to perform. Let me stop for a second. Sorry.

57:55 - Cuan Mulligan You're way more capable than me in terms of the technology. So I'm still trying to play catch up. And I need to leave in a second. Sorry. So we may need to catch up again later today.

58:06 - Cuan Mulligan If me and you have a 10-minute coaching session, And we take the transcript of that. There will just be person A and coach having a conversation, right? Is it possible that we can create those transcripts with artificial intelligence? Forget about it. Yeah. So what I'm saying is if you give me a very basic coach capability that is having a conversation with me and I'm then going, don't ask that question, ask this question. Don't ask that. The transcript could be then used to retrain the model. So I will use the screens to get to generate a better transcript. I haven't changed the capability yet, but if we generate loads of those scripts, could that then be used to retrain the model? So that was more, that sounded like a statement, but it's actually a question.

59:00 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, that definitely is a part of retraining the model.

59:04 - Chinmay Pandya Okay.

59:05 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, but what I meant was, let's say you want the model to have four abilities, A, B, C and D.

59:13 - Jonas Lindberg Can you give an example of an ability? I don't quite get what you mean by abilities.

59:17 - Chinmay Pandya like being curious can be an ability asking a particular question can be an ability like let's say uh I think I'm not good at making your discussion that should happen after this meeting or between youtube because this is quite

59:34 - Jonas Lindberg an expensive meeting and this is going very much into the technical No, no, this is into the behavior part. This is into the implementation of how to get the behavior. I think we should more be discussing what the behavior should be in this meeting with everyone here, because that's a very AI-specific implementation-like question, if that makes sense.

59:59 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, but for the implementation, you need data.

1:00:04 - Jonas Lindberg Sure, but I think it happened like in another discussion with Okun later.

1:00:12 - Cuan Mulligan It's absolutely a problem that needs fixing, 100%.

1:00:14 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:00:15 - Cuan Mulligan I just think we need to figure out how do we fix it given the fact that we do not have hundreds of coaching sessions that we have transcripts for.

1:00:21 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:00:24 - Chinmay Pandya We don't have... I mean, not hundreds, but definitely many.

1:00:28 - Cuan Mulligan We don't have... Well, put it this way, we have zero.

1:00:31 - Will Vincent Parrone Yeah.

1:00:32 - Will Vincent Parrone I think it's the chicken or egg problem. We don't have the transcripts that we needed to train the AI in order for us to... Yeah, we basically don't know where to start. But I think it could be an AI implementation problem.

1:00:53 - Will Vincent Parrone With regards to the data, what specific types of data do you need outside of transcripts?

1:00:58 - Cuan Mulligan Well, can you guys have that debate? Hopefully now we understand the concept to focus on. We need to be able to run a good coaching session. I think the coaching session is not dissimilar to a workshop. You're getting curious, you're asking questions, you're responding to those questions until you get to a sense of completeness. So you guys let me know what you need from me. I've obviously got lots more things to do on the whole habit and how all this sort of works.

1:01:28 - Jonas Lindberg But yeah.

1:01:30 - Jonas Lindberg Okay, then one thing I want to figure out at least before we end the meeting is what can we work on right now before all the LMS stuff is figured out, before all of that is taken care of because there are are still a lot of questions in the air about how this application should be developed moving forward. I think the most concrete thing we have is the onboarding session, because from how the onboarding session performs, we're going to figure out a lot of other things afterwards.

1:02:04 - Jonas Lindberg So I think that's where we should start working, which is where we need to find out the specifics, if that makes sense.

1:02:18 - Will Vincent Parrone I mean, it's not yet a marketable product, sure, since we're still refining a lot of the aspects. But at least now we're not wasting time doing nothing. I think that's a good idea.

1:02:30 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, because a good outboarding session can define It can help the agent define the psychological aspects of the user, why he has joined the program.

1:02:52 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:02:52 - Chinmay Pandya So I think if, if the onboarding session is, you know, not accurate. Or not that the onboarding session is the complete marketable product, but the onboarding session is definitely an important part. Because if the results or the insights generated from the onboardings are not accurate, the agent is not going to be able to hold the user accountable when it needs to.

1:03:27 - Cuan Mulligan So are you guys clear? So what are you taking away from this?

1:03:36 - Jonas Lindberg What I have taken away from this in how to move forward is that we should start focusing on planning out and getting properly defined the onboarding session so that we can start on that as fast as possible.

1:03:55 - Jonas Lindberg Or not onboarding session, but onboarding day more so.

1:03:59 - Cuan Mulligan Yeah.

1:04:01 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah. To do that, yeah, I'd like a copy of that mural so that I can go into it, go through everything. You said there were quite a few workshops on the first day. Is that correct?

1:04:16 - Cuan Mulligan So I'm just getting the link to the mural.

1:04:20 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:04:23 - Cuan Mulligan I'll put it into Discord. So what did you say there about workshops?

1:04:30 - Jonas Lindberg From what I remember, when you showed us the mural, there were a few workshops that happened during the first day. Will there be a few workshops, or only the basic onboarding, getting information, then the getting to know your Y workshop?

1:04:47 - Cuan Mulligan So there's the, as part of onboarding, there is just the getting to Y workshop.

1:04:55 - Cuan Mulligan OK. That's asynchronous to the other profile bits. That could happen at different times.

1:05:03 - Cuan Mulligan But this is all pre the ADAPT program starting.

1:05:16 - Cuan Mulligan Yes.

1:05:18 - Cuan Mulligan I need to, sorry. Okay. Um, if you have any questions, which I'm sure there are tons, drop them in and I'll, I'll be back in about an hour and a half. Yeah, absolutely. All right. Thanks guys.

1:05:32 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah. Yeah. So what do you guys think?

1:05:39 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, I still think that there needs to be a solution for weekly analysis and coaching in certain cases. I agree with that.

1:05:50 - Jonas Lindberg It's a very unclear goal to work on because it's so arbitrary and also it's over a long time span and it's very hard to develop for things that are over a long time span without having something to go root like you use as your roots and then develop from And I think really that onboarding session will be a route where we can expand from much easier than if we start working on some deep analysis. Like if you were to go to a life coach They could never do a session that they do three weeks in with someone with you, because they need to get past the onboarding phase. They need to get to know you. They need to get to know all those things. And even if you just tell them those things by text message or something, they can't do a valuable coaching session on some deep subject that you haven't onboarded onto yet, if that makes sense.

1:06:57 - Chinmay Pandya The first thing to be taken care of is the onboarding, but the weekly coaching and the behavioral analysis is something which we didn't add to this course, which needed to be added. That's what I was saying.

1:07:16 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, I think it'll be more productive to spend time on figuring out those systems after we have the onboarding session in place, because from that point, we'll have a lot more perspective. We'll be able to see a lot more how the bot reacts just from all the information it gets from onboarding and all that.

1:07:37 - Jonas Lindberg So yeah, I don't think it's too valuable spending too many hours right now on figuring out the week-long system. Yeah, go ahead, Will.

1:07:47 - Will Vincent Parrone Will this be a final product already or we're gonna have phases as well? Like this is phase 1, after this we're gonna reiterate with phase 2, then with phase 3 and such.

1:07:58 - Jonas Lindberg For us, phase one will be the onboarding session, but HowCurrency said this phase one is the final product. So it'll be more like, I don't know, some other name, a step, first step for us will be getting the onboarding working. I think really, if we gets a good coaching day where he can use the app and it onboards him and he's engaged, that'll make him really happy. And also he can present that to investors and they can go through that onboarding step and be amazed at what an AI can get them to think about. It's really the same proposition as with IntelliAgent, where we want one coaching session, or for IntelliAgent, one workshop that really amazes the person using it for the first time so that they can get funding and we can build off of that to expand it into more workshops for IntelliAgent and for this one into multiple day ongoing coaching.

1:08:56 - Jonas Lindberg Got it. Thank you.

1:08:58 - Unidentified Speaker Anything else?

1:09:00 - Jonas Lindberg This is just my interpretation, by the way. It's from talking with Cuan and also from my development experience of how to not... What's it called? Scope... It's like...

1:09:13 - Jonas Lindberg Scope creep?

1:09:14 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, scope creeper, exactly. To avoid scope creep. Often scope creep comes from having too wide of a task to begin with. And not having something to start off from

1:09:29 - Jonas Lindberg Are you still here?

1:09:35 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah.

1:09:38 - Jonas Lindberg Any other questions? Any other insights?

1:09:45 - Jonas Lindberg Nazif, what do you think? You've been here the entire meeting, and I haven't heard anything from you, really.

1:09:52 - Nazif Barassounon Yes.

1:09:55 - Nazif Barassounon Yeah, I get the idea about onboarding the users and getting to know their UI and make them aware of what they want to achieve to have a better iBit and a better health. I get the general idea, but the technical part, you know, how to implement the stuff is a little fuzzy to me. You know, I don't know if this is because it's really AI related. And there's also the fact that I'm so much busy with OCA.

1:10:39 - Nazif Barassounon Yeah. It's always in my mind.

1:10:42 - Nazif Barassounon So I don't know how to switch between the two.

1:10:47 - Nazif Barassounon Okay.

1:10:48 - Nazif Barassounon I think when I will be, when I will wrap up the book project, I will be more free to think about Adapt in a way that is more useful.

1:11:02 - Nazif Barassounon Yes, all good.

1:11:03 - Nazif Barassounon But I get the general idea, yeah.

1:11:08 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, Hasnain, what do you think?

1:11:12 - Hasnain sayyed Yeah, actually, I think the onboarding session is the main part of the our project because that derives the human personality, like how the human needs to accomplish this task or achieve his goal in the future. And I was thinking like, can we add up like multiple inputs during the onboarding, like I can embed links, I can embed my certification, like I have this type of weightlifting certification, or I have also champion in this football or so it will derive like yeah the levels of the like it will derive the levels of task or exercise the user has achieved till now and the bot needs to think like yes this person has achieve this much level of experience or exercise in that particular field and we have to train or we have to make it more better or achieve it more better.

1:12:20 - Jonas Lindberg I think if you have any sort of like a certification with an exercise or sports or anything like that, this app is probably not for you, if that makes sense. Probably way past the stage. I guess it could be for like if you're a druggie, but you do sports, but I don't think that'll be the main target audience. How to gauge the level of the user will probably be mostly for the basic onboarding session, which is just asking questions like, what are your weight? How tall are you, all of those, to just get a general idea of what stage they are in, rather so than having to upload files. Because if someone has a file that contains their exercise, I think they've probably got their exercise sorted already.

1:13:11 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:13:15 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah.

1:13:18 - Jonas Lindberg I think that's probably it for the meeting, then.

1:13:23 - Jonas Lindberg Will, could you stay behind a bit? And then we can sort out your work for me. It's completely unrelated from this meeting. Oh, yeah, Chinmay, go ahead.

1:13:36 - Chinmay Pandya Yeah, I think there also needs to be a certain, you know.

1:13:45 - Chinmay Pandya You're lagging, Chinmay.

1:14:02 - Jonas Lindberg Hello?

1:14:05 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, I don't think you're lagging anymore.

1:14:11 - Jonas Lindberg Is my voice clear?

1:14:13 - Chinmay Pandya Yes, clear now.

1:14:16 - Chinmay Pandya So what I was thinking is there needs to be a roadmap generation post-onboarding and pre-usage. Because before the user starts using the app daily, there needs to be a certain roadmap defined. And that roadmap needs to be re-evaluated every week, or the most optimal case is every three weeks. Because ideally, it takes 21 days to adopt some habits.

1:14:44 - Jonas Lindberg By the way, let's see if you can probably help us now getting more into like technicals and things that are unrelated. It's been great having you on here, though. Have a good day.

1:14:52 - Nazif Barassounon Okay, have a good day. See you guys tomorrow.

1:14:55 - Jonas Lindberg See ya. Yeah, Jemaine has a question. Have you guys ever used like an LAM, a large action model, or implemented one?

1:15:12 - Hasnain sayyed Not yet. Can you describe it more?

1:15:15 - Chinmay Pandya I can't hear you.

1:15:16 - Jonas Lindberg It has a name. If Chinmay doesn't catch what I say, could you fill in on it later in Gabby?

1:15:35 - Jonas Lindberg Has a name?

1:15:37 - Hasnain sayyed Yes. Can you derive it more like L-A-N?

1:15:42 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, I will. Can you just describe it to Jonas later if he doesn't catch everything?

1:15:54 - Jonas Lindberg Will, can you hear me clearly or is it me that's lagging out?

1:15:57 - Hasnain sayyed No, I can hear you.

1:16:00 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, could you describe it to Jonas later? Yeah, yeah. Yes. Okay, a large action model is a model which, or an LLM, which can perform like a set of actions to complete a task. So for example, I could tell a large action model, hey, book me a ticket to LA from San Francisco, and then it'll go on the web browser browse to the web page, find an appropriate flight and date, and basically do the entire task for you. And how it does that is basically by doing what Chen Mei describes. It creates a roadmap to get to the final destination, and then for each of those sub tasks, each of those tasks on the roadmap, it creates another like sub roadmap, how to achieve that. And that it does before trying to accomplish anything so that it's always staying on track for the like original mission. And I think we'll need to do something like that for, for ADAPT in the long term too, where Do I mean automated bookings? It's not just automated bookings. The point of an LEM is it can do anything related to browsing the internet. You can tell it any tasks and it'll create a roadmap on how to complete that task. For example, automating bookings or Thank you. Signing up for Google or anything. You just tell it to do it and it creates a plan on how to do it and then browses the web until it gets, yeah, by following step-by-step instructions which it itself created. So you have one bot that creates an outline of how to perform a task. And then another model goes through each step by step and tries to perform them. And for each large task, it generates sub-tasks as it browses through and sees the web pages. I think we'll need something like this to stay coherent with the data over a large period of time. Yeah, Hasni? Go ahead. Hasnain sayyed Yeah.

1:18:04 - Hasnain sayyed You have mentioned automated booking for the large action model. But in a technical perspective, we need to use the API for the booking website to automate that task. If I'm a human, I can generally type, I want to go from LA to India, and I can book a ticket. But for a system or for AI, it needs to have access to that particular website. So are you talking about like we have an API running at the back end?

1:18:46 - Jonas Lindberg No, I mean literally an AI model acting exactly as a human. It's literally going through moving the mouse and clicking buttons and acting as a human browsing the internet. It doesn't need any API keys or anything. The reason I'm bringing this up is just because LAMs are very good proof of concept for how to get a model to cohesively stay on one goal for a long period of time, while being distracted by lots of things. So yeah, as mentioned to an LAM, you can tell it's a complex tasks, like book a ticket, where it will have to figure out how a date picker UI works and all that. And it'll actually go through and like correctly browse the internet as if it were a human by moving a mouse and clicking buttons.

1:19:33 - Jonas Lindberg Okay.

1:19:35 - Jonas Lindberg I think the system they use to stay on track is a similar system to what we can use for that. So I think it's valuable if you and Chinmay go and take a look at some large action models, how they're implemented, how they work, and basically try to see if you can take any inspiration from those.

1:19:57 - Hasnain sayyed Yeah, sure. We will explore the large action models.

1:20:02 - Jonas Lindberg Yeah, anything else before we hop off this meeting? I'll just come to you and gather work.

1:20:12 - Hasnain sayyed Yes, sure. Chinmay, have you shown him the error that we have solved?

1:20:21 - Jonas Lindberg We can probably hop off Google Meets. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'll see you guys on the other.

1:20:28 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, sure.

1:20:34 - Hasnain sayyed Hello Chinmay Bhai, come to the gather. Do you want to tell him? Come.